There's a lot of creative destruction
that's taking place in markets.
>> Some of these things are overdone. It's
about valuation.
>> The stress within the AI and the
software names is still very very
concentrated.
>> There going to be losers and winners all
over the place. It's that unknowing that
makes people much quicker to pull the
trigger.
>> This is Bloomberg Surveillance with
Jonathan Pharaoh, Lisa Abramowitz, and
An Marie Hordern.
Live from New York City this morning.
Good morning. Good morning. For our
audience worldwide, Bloomberg
surveillance starts right now. Coming
into Tuesday, the tech selloff resumes.
Equities adding to losses following the
biggest weekly decline since November.
Investors piling into bonds, sending
yields down to new lows for the year,
looking for somewhere to hide as AI
disruption is upending the outlook.
We're picking up where we left off
following the long weekend.
>> Here's the problem that a lot of people
are trying to grapple with. Is this a
question of just AI fears and disruptive
uh potential effects or is this
recession fears? Right? If you look at
the utilities that are outperforming, if
you look at the fact that bonds suddenly
are rallying to such a big degree, this
could be a representative uh feature of
some sort of fear about growth and yet
people are looking at the specific
sectors within AI still pointing to
disruption as the main driver here.
>> Utilities record highs, staples all-time
highs, super defensive, financials down
every single day last week. banks had
their worst week of the year so far.
Their worst week going back to April of
last year. On the same week, we had a
payroll report that delivered the
biggest payroll growth we've seen in
more than a year. So square that circle.
>> I can't square that circle. And if you
want more confusion to make that little
bit more square rather than a circle,
the Bank of America fund manager survey
came out and the no landing expectations
among the fund managers surveyed were at
a record high. Fund manager optimism at
the highest going back to 2021. Are they
concerned that there's overinvestment?
Yeah, but they're not necessarily voting
in that kind of way. So, in terms of
recession fears, that doesn't seem to be
anywhere on the table.
>> Lots to get into with the fund manager
survey. This is one that jumped out to
me. And at 57% of FMS investors expect
higher long-term rates. The highest
level since February 22. Just goes to
show you how offside this market is
right now with yields at the lows for
the year and tendons this morning down
by two basis points to 4.0%.
>> Which is really a key question that a
lot of people have. Is this a momentum
squeeze? Is this an issue of everyone
having been overweight, the AI story,
having been overweight, the sort of
short bond story, and suddenly it gets
ripped on its side? I mean, is that
essentially what we're seeing, or are we
seeing a fundamental shift in sentiment?
And I think that that's what people are
parsing through. I saw a lot of notes
over the weekend talking about the moes
around software providers, the moes
around companies to prevent them from AI
disruption. There clearly is a nuanced
look at what exactly we're talking about
and not necessarily throwing everything
away in terms of expected disruption.
That said, you're not seeing at market
performance. So what what gives? This is
a confusing market.
>> Remember all those outlooks that were
written in October last year and
published in November, December.
Everything feels pretty stale two months
into 26, doesn't it?
>> It felt pretty stale about two weeks
into 2026. I think that they've
rewritten it probably about six times.
And anyone who really comes on and says
that they're not confused. Well, I don't
know. I'm curious to hear why.
>> If you're just tuning in, welcome to the
program. Bonu's down across the curve.
10's down another two. 30s as well. 30s
at 467. Coming up this hour, we'll catch
up with Russ of Black Rockck following
two weeks of losses. Machu of PSP growth
on whether the tech slide has more room
to run and Steven Juno of Bank of
America on why the bar is high for
further rate cuts. We begin this hour
with stocks pulling back as traders
remain cautious on tech. Russ Costuk of
Black Rockck writing, "We have made
changes to our equity composition,
moderating our tech and AI overweight
and have also moderated the size of our
US overweight." Russ joins us now for
more. Russ, welcome to the program.
Let's take it from the top. How were you
set up coming into 26? What have you
changed and why have you changed it?
>> More Jonathan. So, coming into the year,
we already made some shifts at the end
of 2025.
And I think most of those were in line
with what everyone is referring to as
the broadening out trade. Uh we were
bringing back some of our AI exposure.
We were trimming our tech exposure,
adding to cyclicals like industrials and
also because we were also bringing down
some of the growth overweight in favor
of a more balanced portfolio. If you're
going to add a bit more value, have a
bit less growth. One of the implications
of that is you're probably going to own
a bit more international and have a
little less than a US overweight. And
that's exactly what we've been doing
really since the uh back half of 2025.
>> So Russ, many people described this as a
cyclical rotation, an improvement in
cyclical appetite around the world, an
improvement in so-called risk appetite.
Yet Russ, last week took on a bit of a
different flavor. Lisa mentioned it, a
recessionary theme starting to go into
the sector price action. When you see
staples at all-time highs, utilities at
record highs, and the banks start to
sell off, Russ, what does that tell you?
It tells me the market is confused and I
and I share kind of the the questions
around this very strange rotation. It if
you look at the best performing sectors
year to date, you can be forgiven for
kind of, you know, being a little bit uh
uncertain about what the market's
thinking. You've got industrials,
energy, materials, and then as you and
Lisa pointed out, you've got staples and
utilities. So that combination of we
love cyclicals and we're hiding out in
defensives is very unusual. Now, my own
view is I don't think we're looking at a
recession. As you all mentioned before
we we joined or I joined, uh the labor
market report was very solid. We're
seeing manufacturing rebounding. In
general, most of the economic indicators
are fairly solid. And if anything, some
of the concerns we had about the labor
market one or two months ago, maybe
they're a little bit less acute today.
So instead, I think what we're seeing is
a change in sentiment around the tech
and the AI trade. You saw it during an
earnings season. you know, rather than
applaud these$120 billion dollar capex
announcements from the hyperscalers, the
market actually punished them. So to my
mind, this rotation and this odd
coupling of cyclicals and defensives
more about a change in sentiment, more
about a rotation out of tech and less
about an economic view.
>> Russ, can you see an overall uh index
level rally if you don't have the
participation of tech?
>> It's hard. And I think one of the
reasons you're actually seeing this
massive rally in sectors that have much
smaller market cap is it doesn't take a
lot if you're rotating out of tech which
depending upon how you want to define it
3540%
the S&P 500 into much smaller sectors
that's a lot of money coming out pushing
uh some of those companies up very fast
but I do think it's a legitimate
question and this is why the US market
is actually been churning year to date
if we don't get some stabilization in
tech or for the market to go higher. The
good news is you know for two reasons I
do believe that selectively there are
names in tech you want to own right now.
First of all the valuations particularly
the mega cap tech the mag 7 have come
down significantly. Second of all this
has not been an earnings problem. If you
look at the Q4 earnings you still saw
very strong leadership 25 26%
year-over-year growth in tech much
higher than the rest of the market.
Again, I think this is more about
sentiment than the fundamentals.
>> Russ, you said that the market is
confused. We're certainly confused. This
is a confusing moment. I wonder how much
that confusion is why people are selling
US equities and US markets more broadly
because the confusion is really rooted
in the United States at pretty high
valuations. Is that part of what's
behind I don't want to call it the sell
America trade, but the diversify away
from America trade?
>> You know, there is a little bit of that.
And certainly again, as I said in the
beginning, if you're more skeptical on
tech, if you're more skeptical on AI,
you've got a much higher concentration
of those companies in the US than you do
in other parts of the world. So, it does
make sense you're going to see this
shift in relative performance. But I do
think there are a couple of other things
going on as well. uh one if you want to
own cyclicals if you want to own more
value we actually find that while the
growth opportunities in the US are
generally the best in the world often we
find better value opportunities outside
of the US and the second uh argument is
that there actually is or or are a few
fundamental catalysts that would suggest
increasing your weight to other parts of
the world particularly in Asia when you
see what's been happening in Japan uh
the clarity after the election the
likelihood of more fiscal stimulus, the
semiconductor rallies that are
supporting markets in Korea and Taiwan,
some of the rotations out of the US, I
think they do make sense.
>> So Russ, let's talk about something else
that might be confusing for people when
they hear investors come on this program
and talk about investing in more
cyclical parts of the economy, more
cyclical parts of the global equity
market, and then they see bond yields
dropping at the long end of the curve
with 10ear yields at the lows of the
year. Russ, they're confused by that as
well. just what is behind the move in
the long end.
>> It it is a confusing market. Now, I do
think you've had a couple of data points
that have helped support the rally. Most
notably, the CPI print was very benign.
Uh and that has helped. We've also seen
actually some modest improvement on the
fiscal side. Now, there's a very fair
debate about whether or not that's going
to last. Uh and I think that in the long
term, I would be a little bit cautious
about this rally in the 10-year,
particularly as we get down to 4%. But
you know to go back to the original
question, why have people been loading
up on cyclicals? Most of the economic
indicators not just in the US but
globally have actually been signaling
that you're going to get a decent start
to the year. And with that benefit of
more operating leverage for cyclical
companies, I think there is a reason the
cyclicals have been doing well. Again,
to me, the cyclical part of the trade is
a lot easier to explain. What I'm
struggling with is this combination,
this this odd coupling of cyclicals and
defenses going up together.
>> So Russ, the bond market is part of that
story. It contradicts the whole story.
In many ways, you're pointing to an ISM
and better payrolls data. Bond yields
are lower. You can point to all of those
things. CPI, the smallest downside
surprise on CPI last week unleashed a
rally into the bond market. Now Russ,
people will be looking at that move
today looking at tens around 4% and
pushing back against all the people who
said sell America and that maybe the
bond market wouldn't provide that risk
aversion in the equity market if we saw
a sell-off. Now do you think we have
that reliable balance back in the
portfolio? Is that what the Treasury now
provides?
>> So that that's a great question. I don't
I wouldn't use the word reliable, but
I'd say better. If you look at the
correlation between stocks and bonds
compared to where it was in 22 and 23
when inflation was a big concern, bonds
were amplifying risk in a portfolio.
They were not mitigating it. We've got
back into an environment where we are
seeing a little bit more of a negative
correlation between stocks and bonds. I
think that's reasonable given not only
the fact that inflation has come down
but also the volatility of inflation's
come down and historically that has had
a big impact on the relationship between
stocks and bonds. Having said all that
and the reason I'm being a little bit
trying to qualify my answer is compared
to where we were 10 years ago last
decade I don't think that correlation is
as strong. So are bonds adding to risk?
No. Are they as reliable of a hedge as
they were 10 years ago? Probably not.
>> Russ, I'm just wondering if you put all
of this together, how much it makes you
uncomfortable to be part of the
consensus. And I think about the
consensus trade so far this year. It's
overweight Asia, overweight XUS,
underweight long treasuries with a
steepening yield curve, and overweight
commodities. This is currently how the
market is positioned. Then you have the
market punishing people in those
positions in short order. as you get
this sort of rotation of momentum. How
much do you want to avoid some of these
momentum trades because of what we're
seeing in terms of the violent shifts
perhaps just on a technical level?
>> I think that's fair and I do think you
want to be cautious about the momentum
exposure in the portfolio. We've seen
the last couple of weeks long short
momentum baskets have been crushed. High
beta momentum has been crushed. So look,
in an environment where you're getting
these violent shifts in sentiment,
particularly around what were previously
crowded trades, I think it does make
sense to bring in your risk. Now having
said that, I don't think a lot of these
trades, particularly the tech and the AI
are as crowded as they were 6 months
ago. Software, you're down 20% year to
date, more if you add some of the losses
uh from late 25. So the notion that AI
and the hyperscalers are still as crap
as they were six or nine months ago, I
don't think that's quite right.
>> How much of a risk event is Nvidia's
earnings that come next week?
>> Well, I think the crossbar is a lot
lower. And you know the truth is uh
Nvidia's actually you know it's been a
little bit of a different story but if
you look at the semis in general despite
the fact that there are all of these
concerns about tech and AI those
so-called pick and shovel trades
particularly the memory trades they've
been doing phenomenally well and you
look at the outperformance of semis
versus software really since the
November low uh semis have not been
where the problem is it's in other parts
of the tech space
>> Russ it's good to see you we'll leave it
there thank you sir Russ Cost co of
Black Rockck. Russ, thank you. Planning
to chew up the contradictions in this
market. You mentioned Nvidia. Nvidia
trading softer for two consecutive
weeks. Now, to Russ's point, you'd
expect the whole semis complex to rally
off the back of the capex that's been
announced. We've not seen Nvidia
participate in quite the same way
>> or AMD or Qualcomm or Broadcom or any of
these picks and shovels aspects of the
trade, which I mean to Russ's point, how
much does that lower the bar then for
next week? I mean, Nvidia waits about
four months before they release their
first quarter earnings. And when they
finally do in, you know, June or next
week, we're going to essentially have a
pretty low bar for them to say, "We're
the ones that are minting cash." So
guess what? You guys can take your
worries elsewhere.
>> Feels like 5 years at the moment. The
wait at least. Nvidia in the pre-market
negative another 1% with an update on
stories worldwide with your Bloomberg
brief. Let's cross over to Yahara Arnard
for more. Hey yara.
>> Good morning, John. President Trump says
he's speaking with his Chinese
counterpart Xiinping about weapons sales
to Taiwan. Speaking aboard Air Force
One, Trump said he would make a decision
soon on the matter. China has previously
warned the US to handle arms sales to
Taipei with the utmost caution.
Meanwhile, Goldman Sachs is planning to
remove race, gender identity, sexual
orientation, and other diversity factors
from the criteria its board uses to
identify potential candidates. The Wall
Street Journal reporting the decision
follows a request from the Conservative
National Legal and Policy Center, which
owns a small stake in the bank. And
Apple is preparing for a major product
launch in the coming weeks. The tech
giant is reportedly preparing to
announce several new devices following
earlier reporting on new planned models,
including new MacBooks, iPads, and the
iPhone 17 i7e.
The event is set for March 4th with
coverage right here on Bloomberg TV.
That's your Bloomberg brief. John
>> Yhara, thank you. More from Yahara later
this hour. Up next on the program, big
techs big selloff.
>> There's a lot of creative destruction
that's taking place in markets today and
AI is is chiefly responsible for that.
The ability for this to create contagion
and become a bigger financial event, I
think, is relatively low. A conversation
up next with Maku of PSP Growth live
from New York City this morning. Good
morning.
So here is your week ahead. the next 48
hours. Interesting Fed minutes coming
this tomorrow afternoon. And then the
main earnings report, Walmart. Walmart
up 20% so far year today. A massive
rally with a big big multiple as
investors crowd into this one. That's
the one to watch this week on the
earnings front. What I want to hear from
them is what they're doing on AI, how
they're improving margins using
technology and using the negotiating
heft and how much they're gaining share
not only from Target but from Kroger's
and all of the uh both grocery stores as
well as from Amazon, their main
competitor arguably as they become
increasingly a tech company.
>> You went straight to fundamentals of
course and we'll talk fundamentals later
this week. But
>> how could I
>> how much of this move is about
fundamentals over the last few weeks?
Well, I could argue I could make a
strong fundamental case, but frankly, I
cannot answer that question after we
just said confusion or confusing or some
iteration of that in the past uh, you
know, couple of minutes. We said it
probably 15 times, so I'm not going to
give you an explanation.
>> Staples, record highs. Staples on the
S&P 500, record highs. Equity futures
pulling back this morning, down another
4/10en of 1%, down by8 on the Nasdaq.
Check this out. In the UK, it turns out
if you tax jobs, you'll get less of
them. Sterling negative a third of 1%
unemployment five handle in the UK
really really concerning stuff they've
raised the minimum wage they've
increased payroll taxes and what's
happened the labor market has softened
that's not just my view that's the view
of Katherine man of the Bank of England
and others too
>> well look you're seeing unemployment
rates in the United Kingdom rise to the
highest levels going back to the height
of the pandemic in a worrying sign for
men ages 18 to 24 the unemployment rate
has reached 17%. That's nearly 1 in5
young men. That is the highest in a
decade. Even as unemployment rates for
other cohorts remain somewhat below
that. This is a concerning backdrop on a
multitude of levels.
>> 135.88 on cable this morning. And
Sylvanas this morning. Big tax selloff.
A lot of the risk is concentrated in one
segment of of the market. I see this as
a repricing in a segment of the
marketplace that people are trying to
get a handle on. There's a lot of
creative destruction that's taking place
in markets today and AI is is chiefly
responsible for that. The ability for
this to create contagion and become a
bigger financial event I think is
relatively low.
>> So here's the latest this morning. AI
disruption rippling through markets with
the NASDAQ 100 coming off three
consecutive weeks of declines. Mame Q of
PSP Growth writing the reasons causing
the selloff seems to be at odds with
each other. Painting all tech with a
broad brush is not rational. Mame joins
us now for more. Mame, welcome to the
program. Let's just take it from the top
once again and think about what's been
announced over the past few weeks. A
massive amount of capex intentions
across just four companies and yet
Nvidia started to trade softer over the
past two consecutive weeks. Mom, what do
you think is behind that? Why are we
seeing a decoupling from one of the
biggest picks and shovels and the capex
intentions of some of the biggest
companies on the planet?
>> Yeah, good morning. Um yeah, there's
definitely a lot of fears in the market
right now and not everything's really
rational. So if you look at some of the
main reasons for the sell-offs last week
um in in the weeks prior, I think some
of them are actually at odds with one
another. You're seeing softness in some
of the Mac 7 due to the massive spending
in cap X um and the concern that maybe
those investments are not going to make
a return. But yet at the same time
software stocks are being hit because of
the exact AI disruption that's happening
um that might u threaten them. So in my
head those two are actually at odds with
one another which makes me think that
there's a broad fear in the market
that's not very rational. So I think if
you look at Nvidia with the other um
bigger companies uh there's probably a
lot of not rationality in those either
in that people might think Nvidia has
been overpriced. people um are already
thinking uh the promises have been made
too high. So as of now Nvidia can um
beat earnings, they can do everything
right, but yet the expectations are so
high that the market is not being very
rational right now.
>> But let's take those two extremes.
Either it's going to disrupt everything
and crush a lot or it's a waste of
money. Do you pick one or the other or
is there something in between?
>> I think it's something in between. I
think one of the fears that's causing um
all this fear in the market is we do
think I do think there's going to be
quite a few losers in the AI race um
you're not going to have every company u
become the next big giant in AI but I do
think painting everything with a broad
brush is also not rational. If you look
at sectors that have more verticalized
knowledge that have more verticalized
processes those are not going to be
disrupted the same way as the rest of
the market. For example, we see that
Procore and Autodesk has been pretty hit
pretty hard in the construction software
stock. Um, we own two construction tech
companies in our portfolio, Open Space
and High. They're doing quite well.
They're very resilient. We're seeing the
customers, they have general contractors
on the job sites. Those general
contractors working every day is not
going to all of a sudden wake up and
find a way to find engineering talent to
work with open AI and anthropic and
build their own AI tools. Um, so we
think for some of those industries,
you're going to be a little more
shielded than the rest of the market and
painting them with a broad brush uh is
not rational.
>> Well, mate, how do you know though
what's rational and what's not rational?
On one hand, you've got a lot of people
talking about what you're saying, who
has a moat around them that can be
protected from AI disruption. Then
you've got an AI safety researcher over
at Anthropic quitting and saying that
the world is in peril and going to write
poetry. Which is it?
>> That's a million-dollar question. Um and
I think it's going to shake out
differently in different parts of the
sector. Um some sectors as I mentioned
will be more resilient and others um uh
with more simpler workflows like you see
higher disruption in say CRM and the
legal space because those are more
structured data those are more prone to
disruption with large language models. I
think on the safety side that's an
interesting trend that we're seeing too.
Um, in my head, it's actually a maturity
of the market. The majority that the
market thinks AI is going to be more
mainstream than before. If something is
simply experimental, uh, you're not even
going to have AI researchers at the
companies, never mind. Um, safety
researchers that are ringing alarm
bells, um, that something needs to be
done about the guard rails. Uh, so I
think it's good that, um, we're paying
more attention to safety and security
and regulations. And I think those are
the both the public markets and the
private markets. Those are the companies
that's going to show more resilience as
well in this market.
>> We're seeing more of a focus on safety
in the United States in particular, also
in Europe. How much is this a reason
that people are going toward Asia tech
where it seems like there is more of an
emphasis on growth and less on the
potential constraints.
>> I think it's definitely part of the
reason. And I think um you're definitely
seeing more activity in Asia now, right?
like we're seeing um all this activity
within India um investing all the these
dollars in AI. So I think safety is one
reason but I also think it's momentum.
Uh you're you've seen a lot of activity
already from the US and the Europe
markets uh investing in mainstream AI in
Asia is now um uh all of us announcing
you're investing heavily in mainstream
AI. So I think it's both the safety
piece as well as the momentum piece that
we're seeing.
>> Hey Mame, lots to think about. Another
big contradiction in this market at the
moment. Miku there of PSP growth and a
sign that maybe Washington is going to
start to push back. Senator Sanders
going into the long weekend. This did
not get enough coverage. If the
Microsoft AI chief is right in his
forecast that ultimately we could wipe
out in the next 18 months most white
collar jobs. He says if that's true,
it's an economic earthquake. We need a
meritorium on AI data centers to make
sure AI works for workers and not just
billionaires. And he won't be alone down
in Washington. Frankly, if we start to
see this come to pass, it will be the
pitchforks that come out. So, it will be
a significant social issue. Question
here, how do you though compete if this
is an existential issue? How do you
compete with the likes of Asia that
don't have those safeguards while
continuing to be responsible? It is a
conundrum wrapped in an enigma. And that
seems to be where we are right now.
>> Up next, we'll catch up with Terry
Haynes of Pangia Policy as the Pentagon
threatens to cut ties with anthropic
just about avoided a consecutive fourth
consecutive day of losses on the S&P 500
with a gain of positive 0.05% on the
S&P. Really muted bounce on Friday.
Picking things up after the long
weekend. We're down again. We're down a
third of 1% on the S&P. We're down by
three quarters on the Nasdaq. The big
tech players, Apple, Amazon, much softer
through last week. Amazon at a 9-day
losing streak, the longest since July
2006, down 18% over that period. Down
again this morning by 4/10 of 1%. The
prospect of 10 consecutive days of
losses for Amazon. But it's not just
tech, it's the banks as well. City last
week down by 10%. Wales Bank of America
down by seven. JP Morgan down by six.
Financial softer pretty much every
single day last week.
>> Yeah. Is this going to be disruptive and
creating new engines of growth that
maybe disrupt certain business models?
Or is this going to fizzle out and be
overspending simply because we are
heading into a downturn in the economy?
Which is it? Pick your poison. This is a
confusing market and frankly the
contradictions are so great that so many
people are just putting up their hands
and saying I don't know.
>> Risk aversion pushing money into bonds.
Yields down across the curve. We're down
another two basis points on 10 4.03%.
New lows for the year earlier in the
session 4.01%. 01% on a 10-year
maturity. That move going against the
grain.
>> Yeah. And what you saw last week was the
20 plus year Treasury bond ETF having
its best performance going back to
Liberation Day in April and the recovery
from that. So, a question here about
whether this is pricing in more rate
cuts, whether it's pricing in more
recession, or whether it's pricing in a
more fiscally responsible Japanese
government, which seems to be part of
what's fueling it. Also, when you talk
about the Bank of Japan indicating they
probably are going to hike rates in
April, it also has that component. But
really, it has been a huge rally at a
time when this is the absolute opposite
of what everybody was positioned for.
>> 30s down by two almost three basis
points lower this morning 467. As we cut
you down to the opening about 3 hours
away, let's get you some morning movers.
Lots out there. Here's Yahara with more.
Hey yra.
>> Hi, John. We start with Norwegian Cruise
Line Holdings. Those shares are soaring
in the pre-market on hopes that Elliot
Management can help engineer a
turnaround at the struggling company.
That's because the Wall Street Journal
is reporting that the activist investor
has built a more than 10% stake in the
company in an effort to help it catch up
to rivals like Royal Caribbean and
Carnival, which have done a much better
job capitalizing on consumer demand for
cruise lines. So, those shares are up 8%
in the pre-market. And turning to the
latest on the drama, Warner Brothers
Discovery, Paramount Netflix, we are
seeing Paramount Sky Dance shares rising
nearly 3% in the pre-market. Honor
reporting that Warner Brothers Discovery
is considering reopening its talks with
Paramount after it received an amended
offer, which addresses key concerns. But
the reason this latest development is
significant is for the first time we're
reporting the board is seriously
considering that Paramount's offer could
lead to a better deal or push Netflix to
up its bid. And we end on Infosys. Those
shares are rising uh nearly 4% in the
pre-market after the company announced a
new partnership with Anthropic. The two
companies will build custom AI agents
for specific businesses. are going to
start in telecom and then move into
areas like finance and manufacturing.
This enterprise focus is of course
anthropics is what anthropic is known
for. So this uh further drives its push
to capture the AI corporate market. John
>> Yhara, thank you. More from Yihara later
this hour on our radar this morning. The
Bank of America global fund manager
survey showing growing concern over AI
spending. CEOs facing pressure to
improve balance sheets versus increasing
capex as clients worry about
overinvesting. Elsewhere, Alibaba shares
rising after upgrading its flagship AI
model Quen. The latest version is
capable of processing complex tasks and
analyzing long- form videos. The move
coming ahead of a much anticipated
release from Deepseek. And finally,
Goldman Sachs removing diversity
criteria for board candidates joining
Wall Street peers in rolling back DEI
mandates. The Wall Street Journal
reporting the change follows pressure
from activists and is expected to be
finalized later this month. Yeah, and
this comes after they named the fewest
number of partners going back that were
female versus male uh going back a
number of years. Look, this is a
widespread shift to uh sort of change
the rules back to what they used to be.
And you're seeing this across Wall
Street, a deemphasis. How much is this
politically driven? How much is this
something that's been in the making for
a long time? I know that executives
including Jamie Diamond said that it got
a bit ahead of its skis and it was
counterproductive and how much is this,
you know, to me it felt a little bit
like pushing on an open door. uh you
know that this was something that people
kind of wanted to do and then they had a
shareholder say you should do this and
they're like oh I guess we have to
>> they don't have values they have balance
sheets that's always my summary of
corporate America that this was of its
time several years ago under tremendous
pressure to go in this direction and
this is of its time several years later
under tremendous pressure to go in a
different direction and we should just
remember that every time the pendulum
swings that these companies don't have
values or morals ultimately this is
about balance sheet and stakeholders
elsewhere. Yeah, in politics and frankly
in catering to a certain political vibe
shift that has taken place and
ultimately that is how it has to be
viewed. I mean ultimately how much has
Wall Street moved on? They're not
looking for virtue signaling right now.
They're looking for performance and that
ultimately is what investors are
rewarding.
>> And to be fair, Goldman Sachs is
delivering performance in a major way
over the last year or so. Let's turn
back to AI. Tensions emerging between
anthropic and the Trump administration.
and defense secretary Pete Hexath
considering cutting ties with the firm
and deeming it a quote supply chain risk
over disagreements on using its AI tool
cloud. Bloomberg's Tyler Kendall joins
us now from Washington for more. Hey
Tyler.
>> Yeah. Hey John, good morning. Well, this
marks the latest in what has been months
of tense negotiations over the
military's terms of use when it comes to
anthropics claims.
Our reporting indicates the Pentagon
ultimately feels that this would be
unduly restrictive and that the Pentagon
wants to be able to use the tool as long
as it doesn't break any laws. In fact, a
senior defense official is now telling
us that this latest rift is potentially
bringing up the risk that we could see a
cutting of ties altogether between the
government and the company with the
Pentagon weighing even asking vendors to
certify that they are not using the
models depending on how these
negotiations go. Now, Anthropic had
entered into a two-year agreement with
the US military last year worth about
$200 million for its models built
specifically for the US national
security apparatus. But as you all know,
Anthropic has positioned itself as a
more responsible AI company. And we did
get a quote from a sp a spokesperson for
the company that is saying that they are
still engaged in quote productive
conversations in good faith. But
attentions apparently uh seemed to flare
last month amid reports that the US
government had used Claude in its raid
and capture of the Venezuelan leader
Nicholas Maduro. The Pentagon, it's also
worth mentioning, is currently in
negotiations with the other big three
models. That's OpenAI, Google, and XAI.
But Axios is reporting that the
administration feels that those are
really behind Claude in terms of
development. Uh John Claude is currently
the only model used for classified
systems and that could really complicate
things for the US military if we do see
the Pentagon end these ties abruptly.
>> Tyler Kendall with the latest. Tyler,
thank you. To extend the conversation,
Terry Haynes of Pangia Policy joins us
now for more. Terry, do we have a deep
understanding of the consequences if you
get on the wrong side of this
administration and you're a tech firm?
>> Welcome to the fabulous world of defense
contracting, John. uh and welcome
anthropic more more importantly. Uh you
know this strikes me as being about two
things. Uh one is it's about uh who
decides to uh to make the rules to
utilize the uh the thing that is being
provided to the defense department. Uh
and the other is a supply chain issue. I
I'm not competent to talk about the
supply chain issue, but I can talk about
uh the first issue all day. And the
bottom line is is that uh if you want
your thing to be used by the defense
department, no matter what the thing is,
and you've contracted to provide the
thing, then you don't get to decide how
the uh how the defense department uses
it. Uh
you know, it might be nice to uh to
think or pretend otherwise, but that's
just not the way that's going to
operate. So, seems to me Anthropic has
more of a decision to make here than the
Defense Department does. It felt a
little bit Terry like Anthropics
becoming or trying to become the
anti-Palanteer and they're trying to
take lessons to some of the controversy
that Palanteer has invited elsewhere. Is
there another way to read this?
>> Um, you know, I think that's uh I think
it's a savvy comment, Lisa. U you know,
you know, it seems to me that a lot of
this based on your conversation and what
Tyler said and your own reporting at
Bloomberg u has been a lot about
internal struggles at anthropic to
define itself uh more than anything
else. And as I say, I think they're uh
they're crashing up against the reality
of being a major vendor to the United
States government.
>> It feels like uh there is a lot of angst
within the walls of anthropic. We're
hearing about people quitting to go
write poetry in the UK countryside. But
at the same time, there is sort of an
angst developing in Washington DC about
how they regulate some of these
technologies given that a we don't
understand fully how they're going to
iterate, what they're going to disrupt,
and what the implications going to be
for the labor market. I mean, how much
does Bernie Sanders have company on the
far right of the spectrum based on some
of the expectations of what AI could do?
>> Well, a couple of things. Uh, you know,
Bernie Sanders gets treated as a canary
in the coal mine. Uh, you know, a lot of
times, uh, and at the same time, uh,
Bernie Sanders has no legislative
accomplishments. Uh, Bernie Sanders is
somebody who, you know, generally, uh,
generally agitates and points in a
particular direction. uh you you know
the Democratic party has got the
Democratic party's got a problem here
because they're they're going to have to
figure out whether the Sanders vision or
somebody else's vision a more
businessfriendly centric uh uh direction
is going to be the way that they go. Uh
that's that's been a perpetual problem
since Sanders has been a major voice in
the party. uh you know it's kind of on
the administration side it's been very
clear uh they you know they consider to
they consider AI to be a a core uh
matter of national security uh it we
need to fight and win on all at all
costs and uh they don't particularly
care about the consequences uh and that
that's you know very similar I think to
the old uh Manhattan project days uh you
know kind of damn the torpedoes we're
going to go forward and uh and deal with
this and figure it out because we've got
existential problems if we lose
>> Terry until their jobs are threatened
because this is a democracy. Tik Tok was
once a national security threat and then
their jobs were threatened and quickly
their minds started to change down in
Washington DC. Now I want to understand
from you a man who has lived and
breathed Washington for decades. what
would happen and how they'd respond if
the Microsoft AI chief is right and what
he told the FT materializes that in the
next 12 to 18 months as quickly as that
we can automate basically all white
collar jobs and you started to see the
unemployment rate go through five and
approach six and people leaving
university like right now they can't get
jobs Terry how would they respond down
in Washington
>> well I think two things John one is that
you know putting aside the uh putting
aside the self-promotion of the
Microsoft AI guy. Uh what you know the
Washington has two reactions. One is to
treat with great skepticism uh whatever
the uh whatever the perceived crisis of
the moment is in the markets. What
Washington sees frankly is the longer
game where there have been huge uh huge
upticks in the markets uh and now you
see a little bit of wobble. you know,
Washington saw a wobble in uh in tech
stocks last November for different
reasons, but it did. So, uh you know,
they'll let that play out a little bit
firstly. Uh secondly, it's going to get
a h a whole lot whole lot more worse
bad, sorry, a whole lot worse
before Washington reacts at all. And
then the playbook always is uh you know
what I view as kind of scraps,
retraining programs and the like. uh
that that didn't really move the
employment needle a lot uh in the '9s
for uh for bluecollar jobs. But
Washington, I will tell you, generally
speaking, particularly in an election
year, is not going to shed a single tear
for white collar jobs going away. Uh
that's not uh beneficial to to either
party and uh you know, they will look at
it as an outlier compared to the kind of
things that happened over the last half
century.
>> Terry Haynes of Pangia Policy. Terry,
appreciate your opinion. Thank you, sir.
down in Washington wanging on the
prospect of maybe the most extreme
example developing in the next 12 to 18
months.
>> Yeah. Although this is the confusion
part, right? Is this self-promotion or
is this a true warning shot about some
sort of dystopian future that we have
waiting for us? I mean ultimately we
don't know and that's the reason why
there are these sort of confusing
crosswinds. Do you hide in toilet paper
and crackers that can survive 10 years
or do you go into some of the disruptors
that potentially could benefit? Is it
just a marketing story? We talked about
this with Anthropic. Are we just trying
to justify very lofty valuations ahead
of some big IPOs later this year?
>> And maybe it would take disrupting the
entirety of white collar America in
order to justify some of these
valuations and some of the uh capital
expenditure plans that some of these
companies have.
>> Equity features this morning slightly
soft. We're down by a third of 1% on the
S&P with an update on stories worldwide.
With your Bloomberg brief, Yahara has
more. Hey yara.
>> Hi John. UK unemployment reaching its
highest level since the pandemic and
wage growth falling to its lowest level
in more than five years. Youth
unemployment bearing the brunt of the
hiring slowdown. The data prompting
traders to raise bets on BOE rate cuts.
Meanwhile, President Donald Trump
praising Vice President JD Vance and
Secretary of State Marco Rubio. The
president stopping short of saying he
would support either one of them to lead
the Republican presidential ticket in
2028. The questions coming after Rubio
received positive reviews at the Munich
Security Conference and even a standing
ovation after his speech.
And Jesse Jackson, one of the most
prominent US civil rights leaders, has
died at the age of 84. The two-time
presidential candidate, was a Baptist
minister who advocated for equal
employment and opportunities for black
Americans. Jackson was a longtime crater
in the US and abroad, advocating for the
poor and under reppresented. Dr.
Bloomberg brief. John
>> Yahara, thank you. Appreciate the
update. Up next on the program, the
Fed's rate debate.
>> The real debate this year um on the Fed
is is where neutral policy is going to
be. They're at three and a half now. So
that implies two more cuts. Getting
another one in would um you know be the
result of of more disinflationary
pressure.
>> Up next, Steven Juno of Bank of America
live from New York City. You're watching
Bloomberg TV.
the equity market coming off the worst
week of the year on the S&P 500 adding
to the losses this morning following a
long weekend. We're down by a third of
1% on the S&P. On the NASDAQ, we're down
by 0.8. Under Savannah this morning, the
Fed's rate debate.
The real debate this year um on the Fed
is is where neutral policy is going to
be. They're at three and a half now. So
that implies two more cuts. Getting
another one in would um you know be the
result of of more disinflationary
pressure. We're looking for inflation to
moderate back to target this year. So
that in our view would be consistent
with the Fed that that's easing
somewhat.
>> So here's the latest. Check out the bond
market this morning. Yields heading for
lows of the year with another busy week
of data on deck. Investors betting
calling inflation will ease the path for
the Fed to cut interest rates with core
PCA due on Friday. Steven Juno of Bank
of America writing Fed officials really
need to see the data weaken or it's
going to be really hard to justify
cutting. Stephen joins us now for more.
Stephen, good morning.
>> Morning.
>> You say fade any signs of weakness.
Ultimately, Bank of America, you and a
team are super bullish growth. What
underpins that?
>> Well, I think you know plenty of
tailwind. So, we have fiscal stimulus
this year. If you think about what the
Fed's done over the past two years,
they've cut rates by 175 basis points
now. So that should be supportive. We're
of the view that they're actually a kind
of near neutral if not accommodative
territory. Of course you have AI still
that's a tailwind we think for
investment and we think we're going to
start to see that spill over to other
sectors. And generally speaking when you
have an improving economic outlook, you
start to see better investment come not
only just from AI but from the broad the
breadth of the US economy.
>> Is GDP decoupling from payrolls?
>> A little bit for sure. I mean but our
expectation is that over the course of
this year that can't last, right? So
last year I think was a story of the
wealth effect of the K-shaped economy.
This this year I think we're going to
see that relationship reaffirm, realign
where we do start to see job growth move
higher. It's not going to be the 200,000
jobs that we had over the past couple of
years when we had that positive
immigration boom. It's going to be
closer to say 60,000 80,000 but it's
going to get nearer to where GDP is and
help us too.
>> You say that can't last. Why can't it
last? What changes? It's a new a new
year different number 25 versus 26. But
what's changed? what's changed uh in
terms of the job growth numbers I guess
so what's changed this year I think in
terms of last year in terms of the
wealth effect I guess what you're saying
is that I just don't think you're going
to see AI drive say 20% returns in
equities something like that again this
year we're expecting something more
typical superman of our team of course
is like something like 5 to 7% return on
equities so you're not going to get that
significant of a wealth effect this year
as you did last year so you need to see
that job growth pick up in order to see
the economy run closer to say to 2 and a
half% which we're protecting.
>> Well, it could run much hotter if the
Fed would just cut rates significantly.
And everyone says that the bar and you
just said the bar got a lot higher
because the data isn't cooperating.
Well, does the data have to cooperate
with a Kevin Warish Fed?
>> I think it does. I mean, because Kevin
Worse is just one person, right, when
you think about it, I mean, we haven't
seen a big shift. Of course, the Lisa
Cook case, I think, was a positive for
Fed composition, for Fed independence.
You're not going to see a lot of
turnover unless you see people kind of
voluntarily leave at this point. So then
you're swapping maybe Worsh for Myron,
maybe power retires, and then how do you
get enough votes to actually just
engineer cuts without having the
economic justification for it?
>> So you're saying right now that the
market is completely off sides. The
market now is pricing in almost three
rate cuts for the remainder of this
year. You have a two-year yield that's
now close to the lows that we've seen
going back to 2022. This is a market
that's pricing in a very different
Federal Reserve than what you have
envisioned. Is that correct? I wouldn't
say completely offsides because I I say
all this and I would say we're still
penciling in two cuts. So we do think
wors probably can get a couple through.
You know, the Fed's long run estimate of
neutral is at 3%. We think they can
basically cut to that long run estimate
of neutral today, but I do think the
window's closing a little bit more and
more because we got a very positive jobs
report. We got an inflation report that
is fine. It's not too hot, not too cold
obviously, but core PC is likely going
to be at 3% in December and January.
That's not a number that the Fed really
wants to embrace, right? So, and you
have a lot of hawks on the committee
right now who aren't supportive of
lowering rates. So, you need kind of
that economic justification. So, we do
think the risk around our forecast is
towards fewer cuts, not more cuts if the
economy holds up as we predict.
>> Why do you believe the data? And this is
a re people probably are rolling their
eyes. Are you a conspiracy theorist?
But, you know, so many people said
130,000 it looks good, but look under
the hood, it's terrible. You know, I
mean, how many how many different
research items do we read on that? I
mean, why are you pushing back and
saying if it looks like a duck and it
quacks like a duck, guess what? It's a
pretty good jobs report.
>> I think it's the the full spectrum of
the report. The unemployment rate was
down. Yes, jobs were better. Even
manufacturing jobs were positive for the
first time in a very long time. So, you
got a little bit more breath. Uh hours
were hours worked was was up, income was
up. So, the breadth of the report was
very positive. Now, I will say that
January is always a very messy report.
So, we want to see February, we we want
to see March. So what it did for us was
basically reaffirm that at least under
PAL we're not going to get a cut and
then we think if you think shift towards
say Wars's uh FOMC uh I think you're
going to have to see some data kind of
green light cuts at this point.
>> So tax refund season you're right in it.
People are expecting the numbers to be
quite big where you're maybe different
versus others is that a lot of people
think the effects are going to fade
pretty quickly and the second half's
going to be weaker than the front half.
What separates you from the pack?
>> Well, I think it's all those other
tailwinds. So it's not just that. So the
the tax tailwind should really be more
of a 2Q story. I think in terms of
consumption, you're absolutely right in
thinking that spending from tax refunds,
it really has a short lifespan. It it
gets spent relatively quickly. What
doesn't get spent? Well, it gets paid
towards debt or it gets invested. Uh but
it's those other tailwinds that start to
pick up. It's that breadth emerging from
investment. It's the fact that the Fed's
easing last year keeps financial
conditions very accommodative. So all
those factors start to kick in the
second half of this So by the time we
get to the second half, we're not just
hiring in healthcare. Exactly.
>> We actually see us beyond healthare.
>> Yeah. Yeah. We think we could see it in
construction. We could see manufacturing
have a little bit of a renaissance uh
and some other sectors too.
>> So you'd call it a real economic boom
then potentially by the back end of this
year
>> potentially. I mean I think you're going
to see it throughout this year. I don't
think I mean looking back at last year
despite the uncertainty shock that the
economy faced, we grew what at 2%. I
mean we're going to find out on Friday
this week what exactly we ended up at.
That's despite a very big shutdown, a
six week shutdown. Um, so why can't we
grow at two and a half percent this
year?
>> Stephen, it's good to see you. Stephen
Juno there of Bank of America. It's so
hard to have this conversation with the
bond yield of 4% on 10 and threatening
to break into the threes later today.
>> Well, I would like the Microsoft AI
chief executive to come on and face off
with Steven Juno about what the
potential is for a potential broadening
boom in employment later this year on
what
>> so many contradictions out there.
>> I mean, this is this is exactly what I'm
coming to. I mean, this is a reason why
this is such a confusing market. On one
hand, all white collar jobs are dead in
the water. On the other hand, we're
entering an economic boom. Pick one.
>> Construction, manufacturing, all of the
above right now, which is why people are
hiding in Walmart. Basically, that's the
story. And hiding in bonds, too. Hiding
from a lot of things. And a lot of
things don't make sense. Mama Cub is
talking about this. The Nvidia trade. If
you believe all this money is going to
be spent, why isn't Nvidia winning? Why
is that trading softer over the past two
weeks? So much of this doesn't stack up.
How do you discern narrative versus the
momentum trade that's unwinding?
Technical versus a narrative that is
actually sustainable. That is the
difficult thing. And then how do you
have the discipline to push through any
kind of momentum unwinds and have
conviction? That right now is the
challenge.
>> And video down by another8% in the
pre-market. The broader stock market on
the S&P 500 down by about a quarter. The
conversation continues. Up next, we'll
catch up with Dan Skellyy of Morgan
Stanley Wealth Management, John Leaper
of Eurasia Group, Karly Cohut of Jeff,
and Earl Davis of Beimo on a bond market
is on quite a rip roaring rally at the
moment. Yields are lower once again this
morning, down by two basis points across
the long end of the curve from New York
City. The second hour of Bloomberg
Surveillance up next.
Affordability issues are at the
forefront right now.
>> We are seeing disinflation kind of
gradually unfold across the economy.
>> If you had 2.5% you're basically at your
target.
>> Ultimately we think growth is going to
be okay this year.
>> The economy is fundamentally healthy and
I think it is going to accelerate.
>> This is Bloomberg Surveillance with
Jonathan Pharaoh, Lisa Abramowitz and An
Marie Hordern.
There is a big divide on Wall Street at
the moment, that's for sure. Live from
New York City this morning. Good
morning. Good morning. For our audience
worldwide, the second hour of Bloomberg
surveillance stats right now. And your
scores look like this. Equity futures
resuming losses. We're down across the
board. Negative.3 on the S&P.7
on the Nasdaq. In the bond market,
switch up the board. Yields lower across
the curve. We're down two on 10, 4.02%.
New lows for the year going into this
later this week. Fed minutes tomorrow
afternoon. Look out for that. plus
earnings from Walmart on Thursday
following a major rally for consumer
staples.
>> Yeah. How high is the bar at this point
for Walmart based on valuations and how
high is the bar? In order to determine
typically when Walmart reports good
earnings, people say, "Oh no, the sky is
falling. That means the economy is bad
and people are piling into staples. When
they report bad earnings, oh my
goodness, not even the biggest retail in
the country can actually perform well.
The sky is falling." Has the narrative
shifted around Walmart as it shifts to
the NASDAQ as it talks about some of the
tech advancements? How do they become a
tech name that's not going to become
disrupted but will be ultimately the
disruptor at a time when people are
looking for safety? How high have we
just pushed that bar?
>> At a 4050 multiple.
>> Yeah,
>> the PE is wild on that name. We'll get
to that story later this week. We need
to talk about the great contradictions
both in the equity market and in the
economics profession right now. Now, we
just spoke to Bank of America talking up
a boom in the economy and later this
year a broading gap in the labor market
beyond just healthcare hiring. And yet
at the same time, to your point, you've
got the Microsoft AI chief speaking to
the Financial Times saying all white
collar jobs in the next 12 to 18 months
could be automated. Which one is it?
>> Well, we can get the anthropic AI
researcher who's off in the UK who's
doing poetry right now writing and
studying poetry. Please write in and let
us know what you're thinking about.
Look, we have a bifurcated kind of
messaging coming out. either it's going
to make us all more productive and open
the next nirvana of human existence or
it's going to destroy human existence as
we know it and ultimately you've got
these two polarities and no way to
counterproof either of them. So it's a
very difficult moment and that's the
reason why there are so many
contradictions in the markets. There is
an effort to seek safe havens. The idea
that if you mentioned this many times
that treasuries are that haven notable
the fact that the dollar is not also
notable. The fact that gold is acting as
though it's just simply on a swing going
up and down gives you a sense of just
how much volatility has been embedded
here. People don't like uncertainty and
that is the defining characteristic of
what this is.
>> After all that poetry in the UK sounds
pretty good, doesn't it?
>> I I I get it.
>> I'm on board to the British countryside.
>> I mean, you're pushing me into an open
door
>> into the CWorlds. I can write write some
poetry. Would you like to read that?
>> I would love to.
>> Would you come to my recital?
>> I would.
>> I'll find a quaint British pub.
>> I would love to.
>> We can stream it. I think that this
sounds great. I think that you will be
gone next week.
>> We can make this happen. Coming up on
the program, we catch up with Dan
Skellyy of Morgan Stanley as equities
search for a bottom. Carly Coho of
Jeffre as investors pile into Walmart
ahead of earnings and Earl Davis of
Beimo with bond yields hitting new lows
for the year. We begin this hour with
stocks lower following two straight
weeks of losses. Dan Skellyy of Morgan
Stanley expecting more churn writing, we
are watching closely for signs that
indiscriminate AI related selling is
beginning to slow. Until then, we remain
relatively defensive. Dan joins us now
for more. Good morning.
>> Morning, John.
>> Are you seen that indiscriminate selling
over the last week?
>> We sure have. And it's been across a
host of different categories, whether it
be insurance, wealth management,
trucking, logistics, you you name it.
And I think beyond that, John, we have
two things going on. First is we have
this global reflation trade going on
where the US has seated leadership for
the first time in over a decade
overseas. You have Korea, Japan, LATAM,
other parts of international up a lot
this year on continued momentum and
fiscal spending over there. And then you
have this AI disruption trade. It feels
like the S&P bull market has paused and
the bull market and AI disruption and
hysteria has really taken off.
>> Which bits of the AI disruption bull
market don't make sense?
>> Yeah.
>> What calls it indiscriminate? What
labels that? How how do you define it
indiscriminate? At this point,
>> there's just a tremendous amount of
dissonance right now. When I think about
dissonance, it almost always happens in
market cycles around innovation, whether
it be internet, mobile, cloud, GLPs
going back several years ago. Uh today
the dissonance is around AI. You have
both market discounting AI counterparty
risk in terms of the model makers and
software. You have AI, you have large
cap quality leaders lagging. You have
small caps leading. Isn't it the small
caps that are going to be the most
disintermediated by AI and who can't
invest in the tools themselves. So you
have a tremendous amount of
indiscriminate selling at the moment.
>> So it sounds like at the moment you're
hands off. You don't want to step in.
But have you got the itch to step in?
and which pocket of the market do you
want to lean into ultimately when it
comes to that moment?
>> So that's an fabulous question John and
we are in fact telling people to be
proactive on the on the first front. We
are telling folks that international can
continue to catch up. We think that goes
on and then secondly we would just argue
large cap quality across financials
number one healthcare and industrials
seems to be a place to lean in right
now.
>> There was a really interesting post of
Nicholas Dubamonte. He's the CEO of an
AI uh company that advises different
financial uh assets and he's talking
about how there are certain moes that
can be established around software
companies. I just wonder if you've
established some sort of test of what
kind of moes would have to go into place
to be a positive for a company and make
them undisruptible.
>> Sure. Number one, are the AI model
providers themselves a partner and using
you? And when you look at behind the
onion at some of these different models,
they're using the SAS companies. They're
partnering with them already. They're
customers of them. I highly doubt that
these private uh AI model makers who are
coming public widely discussed later
this year entire business plan is to put
some of their big large liquid uh
sectors of the market out of business
who will be left to pay for them in the
future. And so I think when you think
about modes, number one, who's being
utilized already within the AI
ecosystem, who has proprietary and
highly regulated data and that might be
within healthcare or financials. Uh and
then secondly, who's embedded in the
workflow and who isn't standing siloed
on an island. Those are some of the
attributes that we're looking at.
>> So if that's true, how as an investor do
you view some of the warnings coming
from the seauite of some of these big
tech companies saying that all white
collar work is going to be eradicated in
the next 5 years?
>> Sure. I think you've heard that from a
more isolated set of individuals who
candidly have their own biases in trying
to provide um certain certain niche
product. I think when you look more
broadly look at look the macroeconomic
data over the last two weeks we had a
surge in job growth. We had a dip in the
unemployment rate. What people aren't
talking about is this broader reflation
and economic broadening that we're
seeing and and in the longer run Lisa to
your question we think AI is more
complimentary of jobs than than
replacing. It's essentially going to
replace a lot of the lower value added
tasks in a day and not at the moment be
replacing roles uh holistically.
>> Rama's not buying it.
>> Well, it's not that I'm not buying it.
It's just that either you get that
broadening out or you don't. If you get
that broadening out, then it actually
makes sense for some of the valuations
to be coming in and deflating a bit in
the big tech sphere. If you don't get
that broadening out, maybe it justifies
those valuations, but it certainly
doesn't justify the broad the sort of uh
scope of how much people are going into
that. It just goes to another
contradiction fundamental endemic in
this market.
>> So, it's a great point. I think the
number one thing the market the S&P 500,
let's remember, is a liquid large cap
index is waiting for is when do the
highest quality names that are the
adopters start to monetize AI? I think
the market rightfully so is taking a bit
of a breather on spending, right? The
Mag 7 had spent wildly the last two
years. It even upped its capex
expectations again this year to over 700
billion. And so I think the market
efficiently and rightfully so is taking
a breather on spending and waiting for
the adoption phase to start to see
monetization in the earnings. And I
think that's when the broadening can
actually start to go into this new
phase. Right at the moment everyone's
saying the adopters are going to be
those who are most disrupted. That's the
point that makes no sense at the moment.
So Dan, listening to you and knowing
your work, you believe there's a little
bit of a spread right now between
fundamentals and the narrative.
>> No doubt.
>> And clearly the earnings are holding up
without a doubt. But the narrative is
really compressing the multiple. And the
narrative is difficult to prove,
difficult to disprove. And we've been
talking about this over the last several
weeks. How do you prove the negative?
Disprove the negative and say these
things won't happen. What's going to
make that cloud, that very dark cloud,
drift away from these multiples? because
that's what hold what's holding the
whole software complex back at the
moment.
>> You know, it's so it's such a good point
and there's an index level perspective
and then there's underneath the index at
underneath the index for those
subsectors that were most uh
indiscriminately sold in the last month
or so. They need to prove themselves out
in terms of empirically how are they
utilizing AI to get more efficient and
not being disrupted. And then secondly,
at the index level, the market
mathematically has to regain confidence
in Mag 7. I mean period end of
discussion. MAG7 is 40% of the index and
so for the market to regain that
confidence in the MAG 7 again it needs
to see the Fortune 100 quality names
start to show AI in the in the earnings
upside
>> and we're not seeing that right now
Amazon super weak Apple hammered last
week Apple was down what 7% in two days
last week
>> and Apple was the one Mac 7 not spending
on AI
>> so it makes sense of that so again I'm
going to ask you a different question
same question but on a different part of
the market the Mac 7 right now and I
know you can't do single names but the
kind of companies you'd want to buy
given the indiscriminate selling across
the biggest names in this market. What
would you be buying?
>> Yes, I think there are there is room
right now to pick off software. You've
got the space down 20%. So again,
looking for those leading software names
that have software and cloud uh that
have uh other uh upside optionality
related to AI. Number one. Uh number
two, we would say look at some of the
industrial names that are providing
power. you've got this huge spread to
use your phrase in terms of
semiconductors and some of the new
winners but when I look at some of the
old winners in terms of industrials
utilities etc who are powering AI they
look uh cheap as well
>> you know I was listening to a podcast
over the weekend about technological
revolutions and the influence on
inflation and there is a feeling that
all of this will be disinflationary down
the line if you go back in history the
theory does not hold essentially they
have all been hyperinflationary periods
of time for other reasons and also
because of some of the economic
influence and the acceleration in the
economy. Why is this time different
that's giving people such conviction to
go into long-term bonds to the degree
that they are?
>> Such a great question and and amazingly
so that historical data, why should that
matter today in in markets? What a what
a crazy thought. But another example yet
again of dissonance where you have this
global reflation trade. You have mining
and metals and gold to your point
earlier all running wild and then people
just presuming we're not going to have
any inflation. There's an article in the
papers this morning talking about
companies raising pricing again. Um and
so look I would just argue I think there
is kind of a mountain and a and a
near-term catalyst that you have to get
over and that does seem inflationary in
the near term before you get to the
disinflationary AI productivity nirvana.
So we're we're in agreement with you.
>> So does that mean that right now you are
aggressively taking action on some of
these distortions or are you simply
saying ignore it all and go away from
the United States because it's just too
confusing to invest in right now.
>> We're saying a number of things. So
number one, we don't want to be on the
sidelines right now. Just to be clear,
we want to be proactively invested. Uh
and secondly, we've been recommending
gold for over two years. We still like
that trade. Uh number two, we have been
saying to folks it is okay to stick with
the international trade particularly in
parts of Asia that are benefiting from
the new uh memory and capex spend in
chips. So that's Taiwan, Korea. Uh we
also like parts of Latin America and
Japan based on some of the new fiscal
initiatives we're going to see with the
super majority from Takahichi and her
party. So we're saying to do all of
those things and then lastly in the US
the number one thing we're saying is
don't forget about the top 100 companies
in the US across varying sectors that
are incorporating AI into their business
model right now right now have yet to
show the evidence but where we are
confident again looking at historical
cycles whether it was internet or mobile
or social media or cloud you go through
30 years of innovation cycles it's
always the large cap quality names that
figure out how to monetize
>> the move in Asia Nikke up by 12% the
costby up by 30% % year to date. Wild.
Dan, good to see you. Likewise.
>> Thank you, sir. Dan Skellyy there of
Morgan Stanley Wealth Management
breaking down this equity market with an
update on stories elsewhere. Your
stories worldwide, your Bloomberg brief.
Here's Yahara with more. Hey, Yahara.
>> Hi, John. We're seeing Paramount shares
rising in the pre-market. Warner
Brothers has agreed to return to the
negotiating table for 7 days to iron out
the details of Paramount's most recent
offer, which was raised to $31 per
share. Warner Brothers is still
recommending shareholders vote for its
binding agreement with Netflix.
Meanwhile, Iran says it's conducted navy
drills around the straits of Hormuz, the
vital waterway that ships about a fifth
of the world's oil. President Trump has
threatened to strike the Islamic
Republic, unless it agrees to a deal
curbing Thrron's nuclear program in
exchange for sanctions relief. The US
and Iran are set to resume talks today
in Geneva.
And Anthropic's talks with the Pentagon
about extending a contract have hit a
snag due to disagreements on guard
rails. Sources telling us here at
Bloomberg that Anthropic wants to put
limits in place to prevent its claw AI
tool from being used for mass
surveillance or for developing weapons
that could operate without human
involvement. That's brief. John,
>> hey, thank you. Appreciate the update.
Up next on the program, pressure
building for results.
>> Prices are down, way down. We inherited
a mess and we've uh brought our country
back very very powerfully. Our crime
numbers are way down. The country is
doing very well. John Leaper of Eurasia
Group joins us next live from New York
City this morning. Good morning.
Stocks are negative. We're down by 0.2
on the S&P. Recovering slightly on the
NASDAQ 100. Down by6%
in the bond market. Notable bond yields
at new lows for the year. Down two basis
points on a session. 4.03%.
A fair bit to look ahead to. It's not a
major week ahead. It's a shortened
trading week ahead of us. But we've got
this Fed minutes on Wednesday, Walmart
on Thursday, a sprinkle of Fed speak,
and I think maybe more focus on jobless
claims. Just how well is this labor
market holding up, even rebounding based
on the data we saw just last week?
>> Yeah. Do we get confirmation of messy uh
January influenced and weather
influenced data? Do we get a
confirmation that things are holding in
or is there the sort of pernicious
if we get increasing jobs claims and
then a core PCE that looks something
like 3%? How do you deal with a dual
mandate in conflict at a time where
people have existential concerns? We
might be getting back to that and then
the war test. It is Kevin Worsh.
>> It would be nice to have a ruling as
well on tariffs later this week too,
wouldn't it?
>> Sure.
>> Keep getting to those dates and we pass
them by. Let's see if we hear anything
going into the weekend. Under
surveillance this morning, pressure
building for results.
>> Low inflation, very low inflation.
Prices are down, way down. We inherited
a mess and we've uh brought our country
back very, very powerfully. Our crime
numbers are way down despite the fact
that they let in 25 million people, many
of whom should not have been allowed
into our country. The country is doing
very well.
>> So, here's the latest this morning. The
president touting his accomplishments
ahead of next week's State of the Union
address as a new AP poll shows his
approval sliding to 36%. Bloomberg's
Tyler Kendall has more. Tyler, good
morning.
>> Hey, John. Good morning. Well, there
does appear to be that gap between
public sentiment and what has been
relatively positive economic data for
this administration. But according to
polling, the White House has been firmly
on the defense when it comes to the
issue. As we know that price levels in
particular have been a big driver of
affordability concerns. And that's why
we're expecting President Trump next
week during his State of the Union
address to tout what has been a flurry
of new economic policies not yet enacted
and will likely face any push back in
Congress, but takes that more populist
tone that the president has been trying
to push forward. Now, of course, we've
also seen the White House push ahead
with policies that have already been
enacted, trying to tout the fact that
there will likely be larger refunds
under the one big beautiful bill this
tax season and their push to onshore
domestic manufacturing. But the question
really becomes how much ground can they
make up between now and November. Now to
be sure of course there are many months
and anything could happen. But we did
see two significant counter
counterweights to the administration's
agenda emerge last week. One is that the
president himself authorized a pullback
in federal agents on the ground in
Minneapolis seen as part of a bid to
move negotiations along to reopen the
Department of Homeland Security which is
currently shut down. And two, as you
well know and we covered on this
program, we saw six Republicans cross
party lines and vote against President
Trump's signature tariffs targeted
specifically against Canada. And those
six Republicans, many of them represent
key battleground districts, which is
underscoring that some Republicans may
feel that they need to go against the
White House's agenda to advance their
standing come November. John, it's
really the House that we're closely
watching here. Keep in mind, Democrats
only need a net gain of three seats in
order to flip that chamber. And we are
currently seeing a historic number of
Republican retirements which could hurt
that incumbency advantage.
>> Tyler Kendall with the latest in
Washington. A note for Democrats at the
moment. Maybe avoid talking about
foreign policy. Governor Whitmer and
Congresswoman Aaso Cortez over the
weekend at the Munich Security
Conference. Absolutely bombed. Forgive
the pun, but seriously bombed. Well, a
lot of people were saying this that AOC,
this was her first international uh
event on the world stage and definitely
hit a note that was not appealing and
seemed to turn a lot of people off. So,
it does raise a question. Can that be
really the frontr runner kind of vibe
coming from the Democratic party?
>> How did they go to a conference like
that and appear on panels so illprepared
for such obvious questions about foreign
policy? Wasn't that shocking? It was
shocking and it raises issues of are
people not challenging them in the same
kind of way in the United States and
asking hard questions that really need
to be answered.
>> Spending too much time on home turf and
getting very comfortable interviews.
Joining us now, John Lieieber of the
Eurasia Group. Now, John, I imagine that
doesn't really matter when it comes to
the midterm because foreign policy
doesn't seem to be the big issue at the
moment. Is that fair?
>> Yeah, that's right. I mean, well, to
some extent it's correct for the
midterms. uh Trump Donald Trump's big
issue in his presidency so far, however,
has been foreign policy. And even though
they'd probably like to be talking about
domestic policy and like to be talking
about uh job creation and economic
growth, foreign policy keeps dominating
the news because Trump's been
extraordinarily active on that front.
Venezuela, Iran, Greenland, it's
everywhere. So for the midterms, yes,
foreign policy doesn't matter so much,
but for the presidential primary and for
and for President Trump himself, foreign
policy is the key defining issue of this
presidency so far. And I think it's
going to be a big issue in that primary
like you heard um these two talking
about in in uh in Munich
>> on an international level. I read the
Munich Security Report. It was quite the
read. The headline was the world has
entered a period of wrecking ball
politics. Talking about how the United
States is no longer the shepherd or
really the overseer of the world order.
And I just wonder how that's resounding
in the United States. I mean, is that
resonating or is domestic focus on
completely other things?
I I think that the you know Donald Trump
ran on a platform of isolationism from
the rest of the world saying that this
system that the US had created over the
last 80 years was fundamentally broken
and had betrayed American workers. So, I
think that some guys in some country
most Americans have never been to
writing a report that says that system
that Donald Trump has now fundamentally
broken that system and there's no going
back uh is might not be that bad of a
thing for for Trump himself or anybody
else running for president. So, I think
that in in a way from a domestic
political stance, it's an endorsement of
his policies. Now, I don't think voters
want to see chaos and I don't think they
want to see, you know, things like
invading Greenland. they probably don't
want to see invading Iran and they
probably aren't that excited about
invading Venezuela. But he's getting
targeted wins here and he's keeping
Americans out of long-term
entanglements, which was a huge problem
during the Bush and Obama
administrations. So, in many ways, I
think that this reordering of the
system, it was probably a good thing for
Trump and I think it's probably a
political victory. it might be a
political victory in terms of messaging
on one hand, but on the other hand, a
place like Canada, which is the biggest
importer of US-made vehicles. Uh talked
about how a greater proportion of the
population than not would be okay buying
a Chinese electric vehicle right now for
a cheaper price, which seems to be more
feasible considering that they're
lowering tariffs, uh than say a year ago
when that wasn't the case. I mean, how
much do you think that it's going to
shift some of the trade partners and
some of the export lines that the United
States has?
>> Yeah, that's absolutely the case. I
mean, the problem with alienating your
allies is that they look for new places
to uh to to get their security from, and
they look for new places to trade with.
The issue is they just don't have a lot
of places to turn, particularly Canada.
So, they can shift around their
alliances. They can look to the EU. They
can look to China, but the US is going
to be their largest trading partner.
Trump knows that. He's probably
overplaying that hand. and alienating
some of these people. It is starting to
cost uh Americans in terms of uh export
destinations and and potentially jobs. I
think that's one of the reasons you saw
those Republicans, those six Republicans
in the House last week uh vote against
the Canadian tariffs because they
recognize that this is a sensitive issue
with voters and it potentially cost jobs
in their trade exposed districts given
how many exports end up going into
Canada as part of the automobile supply
chain or in other areas. Hey John, it's
good to catch up as always. Thank you
sir. John Lieieber there of Eurasia
Group. This from Politico over the last
few days on Canada and Prime Minister
Carney. The Canadian Prime Minister is
spearheading discussions between the EU
and a major Indo-Pacific trade block
after calling on middle powers to join
forces. Right. to your point,
>> there has been a coalescing of other
alliances in order to get around the US
influence because the US, as the Munich
report laid out, is now viewed as
increasingly fickle and non-committed to
this alliance. So, you know, it's sort
of a question of how this bears out in
terms of trade, how this bears out in
ultimate alliances and whether this is
longerlasting. But this was really prime
reading this Munich Security Report in
2026. I rarely read these kind types of
communications. I mean, this isn't
exactly how I spend my weekends all the
time. Sometimes maybe more than I would
like to.
>> Do you put the link into an LLM and just
say, you know, summarize for me in 100
words or do you read the whole thing?
>> I I read the whole thing.
>> Good. Good.
>> No, I actually wanted to hear how they
wrote it. It was important to understand
how they wrote it and what was signed
off on. It is pretty stark reading. I
recommend
>> the ovation for Secretary Rubio.
>> Yeah. Interestingly,
>> very, very different to what we heard
from the vice president 12 months ago.
>> Different style.
>> Yeah. But was the content different? It
was a different style. content
different. It was sort of interesting
that way.
>> I'm clarifying very quickly. I'm right
there with you. Up next, Ki Co of Jeff
as investors rush to Walmart ahead of
earnings from New York City. You're
watching Bloomberg TV.
The up two hours away. Future softer.
We're down a third of 1% on the S&P 500.
On the NASDAQ, we're negative again.
We're down by 0.7 coming off the back of
the worst week of the year on the S&P
500. The losses continue in the bond
market. New lows for the year on a
10-year bond yield. Down another two
basis points just above 4% 4.03
as things stand. As we count you down to
the cash open, let's get you some single
names, some morning movers. Danny Burger
has more. Hey Danny.
>> Hey John. It's the deal that will
forever be happening and that is
Netflix, Warner Brothers, and the most
recent turn with Paramount. Uh Warner
Brothers reopening the conversations,
the negotiations with Paramount, giving
them a week to give their best and final
offer. Apparently, they're willing to go
up to $31. Currently, they're at $30 a
share, but that might not be their best
and final. So, again, 7 days for that
transaction to maybe take place.
Paramount goes up 2.7%. Warner Brothers
just under 3%. We've also had a lot of
activist news this morning. I'll just go
on one of them. Norwegian Cruise Lines.
Elliot reportedly by the Wall Street
Journal taking a more than 10% stake. It
thinks that it can push this company to
turn around its efforts and catch up to
its rivals, which it has been lagging.
It's also been working on adding a board
seat to Norwegian cruise lines. Finally,
some deals news. Haphag Lloyd, the
German shipping giant, will be buying
them. This is an Israeli shipping
company listed here in the US. This
gives Haphag more exposure to Asia. $35
a share is what they will be buying it
for. uh about a 50% premium. Shares go
up 35% uh trading just under $30. John,
>> hey Danny, thank you. Thanks for the
update. More from Danny in the next
hour. On our radar this morning,
anthropics contract talks with the
Pentagon hitting a snag over additional
precautions, protections for its claw
tool. The company wants to prevent the
AI bot from being used for mass
surveillance or developing autonomous
weapons. Elsewhere, Iran and the US
meeting for a second round of nuclear
talks in Geneva today. Iranian officials
willing to discuss their nuclear
enrichment activities but are pushing
for the potential easing of American
sanctions. And finally, New Pollock
finding more than half of Canadians are
willing to buy an electric vehicle made
in China. The Prime Minister Mark Carney
reducing levies on Chinese EVs, allowing
as many as 49,000 into Canada each year
at a 6.1% tariff rate.
>> Just compare that to 2024. And this is
the important reference point. We're
seeing now more than half of Canadians
okay with the idea of buying a cheaper
EV. Doesn't really matter to them. In
2024, 61% of Canadians said they would
be less likely to buy a Chinese electric
vehicle uh than others simply because
they were worried about the origins of
that vehicle, even if it were less
expensive. Only 25% said it wouldn't
make a difference. So clearly the
zeitgeist has shifted. The emotion has
shifted in Canada and that's resulting
in what they're willing to buy. This
really goes to a question. How much is
the United States pushing former allies
or astile allies into the arms of some
of their uh their maj major antagonists
simply because they're not necessarily
as reliable in some of the tariff
issues. And this to me is a real
question and I'm wondering how this is
received in Washington DC.
>> It's a real question and you're right to
point it out. It's not just that the US
is losing Canada, it's who is losing
Canada too. That Canada is cozying up
with China. Now, we'll see how this
works out for Prime Minister Mal Carney,
but he's not going to stop there. Based
on the reporting coming from Politicon,
I mentioned it moments ago, and if you
missed that, I'm happy to share it once
again, that the Canadian Prime Minister
is spearheading discussions between the
EU and a major Indo-Pacific trade block
after calling on middle powers to join
forces. How much further can he push
this? You know, this ultimately is a
question and is uh President Trump
overplaying or correctly playing his
hand in terms of how much the US is the
major trading partner with the with
Canada? At the same time, if Canada's
become the punching bag for the United
States, what are they supposed to do?
Their economy has been flagging, their
currency has been declining, their debt
has been increasing, and a lot of people
are seeing themselves out of work and in
a worse position. People are angry, and
they're looking to an alternative, and
clearly they're not alone. We're seeing
similar rhetoric coming out of the
Munich Security Conference. How much
does this actually result in
long-lasting action does remain to be
seen.
>> The talks around USMCA becoming more and
more contentious by the week at the
moment. Let's turn back to financial
markets. Futures a bit softer. We're
down a third of 1%. Investors looking
for a safe haven and they've been
pouring into consumer staples. The
sector outperforming tech and financials
so far this year. Staples are at record
highs. Amanda Mull of Bloomberg joins us
now for more. Amanda, what is behind
this massive drive into Staples and into
Walmart in particular?
>> Well, I think that as investors look
around um at some of the potential
impacts for AI, especially on the
software business, is they believe that
perhaps these software products are more
funible than we previously thought.
They're looking for opportunities to put
money into consumer staples. Um over the
past year, we've seen uh consumer
retailers be more consistent than
perhaps expected even as consumer prices
rise. And retailers that are known for
good deals and uh their value
proposition are doing particularly well.
Walmart has uh has increased its market
share particularly with households
earning over $100,000 and those are the
biggest spenders in our economy.
>> Amanda Mo with the latest. Amanda, thank
you. The earnings from Walmart come
later this week. Look out for that on
Thursday. Jeffre raising its price
target on the stock to 225 as the
retailer prepares to report fourth
quarter earnings later this week. Kylie
Co joins us now for more. Kylie, good
morning.
>> Hey, good morning. Thank you.
>> What a run. We've seen in that name. How
unusual is it to see it with a 50p?
>> I mean, we've never seen it before,
truthfully. Um, I think what's really
happening is we're seeing an influx of
tech investors. So, one of your previous
guests was talking about how it's going
to really be these top 100 companies.
They're going to figure out how to
really monetize AI. And we think that
Walmart is best positioned to do this.
Walmart's been leading retail for years
upon years. I mean, we think about
things that are simple as barcodes.
Walmart was one of the first movers and
those type of things. So, we do expect
them to continue to lead the way in how
retail specifically will adopt AI and
how that's going to really evolve their
business model both in terms of
advertising as well as just data
monetization.
>> So, this is Lisa's point and she's been
raising this question repeatedly over
the last week when we've seen the stock
at all-time highs. Some people have
characterized this as maybe just a
distorted risk aversion trade. You think
it might be something else?
>> I think it is. I think it is really a
change in business model what the P&L is
doing itself right so Walmart you know
we're expecting you know um sales EBIT
to outpace sales by almost double I mean
that's not really what you hear of in
these retail type models right normally
it's you know slight low singledigit
growth and then slight operating margin
what Walmart's able to do is really get
back more gross profit dollars by having
these different revenue streams names
that are helping support drive its
retail business specifically gaining
with that higher income customer above
$100,000
getting share both in food and
non-consumables.
>> Yeah. I mean the idea that Walmart has
gone into high-end consumer goods has
gone into entertainment with Walmart
plus has gone into more effective ad
placement akin to what Meta is doing
with respect to its AI and its data
usage. I mean, I just wonder who its
main competitor is anymore, who it's
gaining market share from, because
people talk about Target. Okay, well,
we've gone past that. How about Amazon?
Well, we might have gone past that. Is
this now an entertainment company? Is
this a data company? Or is this a retail
company? Or is it getting a lot of
market share from all three areas? I
think it's that all three areas, right?
So, what they're doing is they're not
trying to be the next Amazon. They're
not going to develop all these type of
data centers and kind of get into the
back end of all this. What they're going
to do is they're going to be a
forwardleading retailer that's going to
partner with the best of the best and
it's going to find use cases for all
these different AI um you know cases. So
really what we're seeing is they're
doing it all but remaining true to their
EDLP and remaining true to you know the
US consumer and trying to keep prices
low. All of that working together is
doing really well. We're talking about
multiples being stretched relative to
Walmart's historical norms. But if we
look at someone like a Costco, they're
actually trading below peak Costco
levels. And Costco's never really been a
tech leader, right? Costco's just been a
solid executor and has, you know, gained
market share consistently. So even with
this tech bend and retail landscape,
Walmart's valuation actually isn't
looking as crazy as it might on its
face. If Walmart can get money from its
streams of revenue of data from its
entertainment side of Walmart plus maybe
acquire some more media properties to to
to boost that effort and then they can
lower prices. What chance does a Target
have? What chance does a mom and pop
store have? I mean, aren't we seeing the
disruption before our eyes in some ways
in the retail sector? And couldn't that
bifurcation become much more palpable as
the year goes on?
>> Absolutely. I mean, we've seen this. It
kind of started even more with the
pandemic and it's just continued to roll
and roll and roll. Um especially as
we're seeing, you know, price increases
from, you know, CPG. They're trying to
get margin. It's kind of this delicate
balance and really it's Walmart right
now in the marketplace in our view
that's saying, "Hey, we're not taking
any more prices and you're not going to
either."
>> Do you cover Mattel?
>> I do.
>> And Hasbro too, right?
>> Can we finish there and talk about
pricing?
>> Of course.
>> Are we gonna start to see higher prices
this year? There was a story in the Wall
Street Journal in the last few days that
a lot of people are quoting and citing
and saying that this is the year that
actually we will see higher prices. If
you've been waiting for the tariffs to
be passed on, this might be it. Where
are you on all of that?
>> So, we did actually see quite a bit of
pricing come through the toy space
specifically really in this Q4. Um,
let's call it mid single digits on some
items. Other items it was double digits.
So really what they've done is played
around with e elasticities
and yes what we're going to see is kind
of this higher for longer prices on
these toys. So they're still kind of
playing around and I think right now
we're going to see what's kind of
considered steady state whereas before
you know we already had our 2025 lineup
and then they had to you know react and
change prices. What they're doing now is
they now have toys that are designed for
tariffs and so there's going to be a
little bit maybe stronger pricing on
some of these. Um but overall I don't
expect it to be that much incremental in
toys from what we saw over holiday.
>> Demand didn't fall off. What did you
see? You mentioned elasticities. What
happened with demand?
>> Demand wasn't that strong truthfully. Um
we're seeing kind of a little bit of
that with Mattel and their stock price.
You know they end up missing on the Q4
report. Um, but it ultimately, you know,
ultimately toys did grow in 2025. It was
just more in those key categories, not
what I'd consider to be broad-based
strength.
>> Kylie, good to see you. Thank you,
Kylie. Cahoo there of Jeffre. Two
different stories there. One on pricing,
the other on Walmart connected, of
course, but the Walmart story to your
point, you've been saying this for a
while. It is a mistake in the minds of
many, including Kylie's that ultimately
just to dismiss this as some kind of
risk aversion distortion that there's
something more than just that going on
with that name. They're able to monetize
a whole host of data and they're able to
capitalize on how big they are to
negotiate different contracts. They have
a bunch of different things going on.
The key test for Walmart in my mind will
be if they get to a place where like the
banks they can start to see some of
their headcount shrink. That's when it's
going to start to get really spicy. And
that's what I'm really curious about.
But until then, I think that this is a
story that has legs just simply because
of all of the changes that have happened
in terms of their business model.
>> That multiple is eye-catching though
going to that earnings release. Maybe
it's just cuz they went to the NASDAQ
and then people said tech company
>> maybe maybe we'll see. Let's get you an
update on stories elsewhere this morning
with your Bloomberg brief. Here's Yahara
with more. Hey Yahara.
>> Hi John. SpaceX and XAI are competing in
a secret Pentagon contest to produce
voicec controlled autonomous drone
swarming technology. Sources telling us
here at Bloomberg the companies are
among only a few selected to compete in
the $100 million prize challenge.
Meanwhile, Hyatt Hotel's executive
chairman Tom Pritsker is retiring from
his position and won't stand for
reelection. Pritsker citing his
association with Jeffrey Epstein for his
decision to step down. Pritsker says he
deeply regrets his association with
Epstein and Gileain Maxwell.
And President Donald Trump warning the
federal government won't cover any cost
overruns on a $16 billion Hudson River
rail tunnel project. The project known
as Gateway would add train capacity
between New Jersey and Manhattan by
building a new tunnel and upgrading the
existing North River tunnel. The
president's offering meetings to ensure
the project does not go above budget.
That's member brief. John
>> Yara, thank you. Thanks for the update.
Up next on the program, driving the bid
into bods.
>> Inflation fears are overblown. We think
that's part of the reason we've seen
such a strong rally from the US 4%
10year and a front end moving towards
three cuts. we can start to lighten up
>> that conversation up next with El Davis
of Beimo live from New York City. You're
watching Bloomberg Surveillance
Live from New York City. Welcome back to
the show. Equity futures on the S&P
negative by 0.4. An update on the price
action this Tuesday morning lower again
on the NASDAQ near session lows were
down by 0.8% in the bond market. Here's
a headline for you. Lows of the year the
10-year down two basis points 4.0 2%
under Sylvanas this morning driving the
bid into bonds.
The market's kind of ahead of the Fed
dots given everything that we know today
and the fact that the growth is likely
to be frontloaded because of the one big
beautiful bill and the rate cuts are
likely to be backloaded. Yeah, we just
think at 4% 10 year and a a front end
moving towards three cuts, we can start
to lighten up. Ultimately, we think the
inflation fears are overblown. We think
that's part of the reason we've seen
such a strong rally from the US. So,
here's the latest this morning. Bond
yields heading to the lows at a year
cooler than expected inflation raising
bears the Federal Reserve will deliver
more interest rate cuts through the
year. El Davis of Beimo writing, "We
believe the yields will remain in the
2025 range and growth will continue to
surprise to the upside." joins us now
for more. Welcome back to the program.
Let's get the update from you. I know
you're bullish on the outlook. What are
yields doing down at 4% on tens?
>> Well, I'll start by saying I love the
smell of napal in the morning. Meaning
um you know this risk off this fear is
providing us with opportunities as
active managers to position for the
medium to long term. So as you you put
on the screen, our view was 10-year
bonds will stay in the range of 390 to
480 in 2026, midpoint 435. As we
approach 390, we go more and more
underweight. Can it go past 390? Yeah,
sure. It could go to 375 if you have
military action in Iran or an
acceleration of the AI fear. Uh having
said that, when it gets to that level,
it's like being in a doctor's office
getting the rubber hammer on the knee.
Will the knee stay up? No. And the only
thing that will make the knee stay up is
QE. And you're not going to get QE at
bond lows. You'll get QE at bond yield
highs. So we like going underweight
duration there.
>> So what is it about 390 that makes it
difficult to sustain life at those
levels?
>> Well, there's a few things, you know, as
you get further out the curve, 10-year
bonds, 30-year bonds, and I'll come back
to that in a second. Um there's less and
less influence of the US on yields. It
becomes more global in influence the
longer maturity you have and the weight
on global yields is Japan. Japan the
largest buyer of international bonds as
their yields go higher. It's a
substitute not for international buyers
for Japanese buyers which means you have
to find a price level that sustains or
that new people want to come into the
market and we don't believe it's 398 to
375. So that's the magic thing there.
Coming back to your point, even though
that's our trigger level, 390, 375, we
are actually going underweight the
30-year bond because there's so much
duration risk and there's so much more
international influence on that part of
the yield curve.
>> Torson Slo just put out a note uh
minutes ago talking about how 90% of the
global bond market, the public bond
market is trading below a 5% yield at a
time when people are starting to worry
about inflation being persistent. I just
wonder, can you fight this? Do you
understand it in terms of why people are
going so much into bonds if this fear of
inflation has been persistent for years?
>> Very easy answer to that. Uh the answer
is 5% still above inflation which means
you're getting a real yield of call it 1
and a half to 2% right now which means
if you invest the bonds in 10 years that
real yield um like a a tips or whatever
you're going to realize that. So that
gives you a little bit of margin of
safety why people are still buying bonds
at these levels is because it's 150
basis points to 200 basis points over
inflation.
>> Is your bet Earl that the growth
portrait of the United States and more
broadly is much higher than people are
currently expecting. So you want to be
in risk assets. You want to be
underweight duration. Is it fair to
characterize it in that kind of way?
>> Um I would say there's a number of
people who anticipate growth. we
anticipate it for longer than the the
the market's uh anticipating and that's
because we haven't seen uh the flow
through of retail spending from the tax
refunds. There's significant amount of
tax refunds going to the lower and
middle in class in February, March and
April. They have a lower and middle
income classes have a higher propensity
to spend a higher amount of those tax
receipts. So we do expect to see some
growth surprises based off the tax
receipts over the next 3 months which
again boys are a reason for going
underweight duration and I'll come back
to going overweight credit now. We
especially like credit because those the
spreads are widening and they should
widen with with all this supply coming
through this year. So it makes us much
more uh comfortable buying going
overweight credit at wider spreads. So
Earl, I just want to get to the bull
thesis on the economy and it kind of
connects to what you're talking about in
credit and it's the risk factors. You
noted one, you alluded to it. One was
geopolitics and the prospect of military
confrontation. The other was an AI
meltdown and I think that's how you
phrased it coming into 26. What is an AI
meltdown and does it look like this?
>> Yeah, this is how the start of it would
look would look. We don't think it'll be
an AI meltdown, but the AI meltdown
comes from can the revenues being
generated by future AI support the
spend. Right now, we've seen a little
bit of a shift in regards to it's not
going to be all bonds. We saw that with
Oracle where they're issuing more
equity. As a bond holder, that makes us
more comfortable buying those bonds. And
to speak of Oracle, for example, uh
those bonds trade about 200 basis points
over um over 30-year bonds. We're
comfortable with that. They also trade a
100 basis points over meta equivalent AI
bonds. So we believe that whole spread
complex is going to go higher which may
we were underweighted last year. We're
starting to buy into AI now because we
don't believe the sphere is going to be
uh sustainable.
>> How insulated do you think that part of
the market is from some of the software
fears that have really started to bubble
up over the past few weeks?
>> It's a great question. I would um how we
look at it, it's not how insulated is it
over the period of the bonds right now.
We believe it's insulated for 2026. We
believe spreads could widen further
because there's a lot of issuance
coming. But a lot of these companies
that we're investing in still have a
revenue producer. So that's what makes
us comfortable. Where it gets risky is
once the expectation of spend is over
revenues. And we don't expect that to
fully change. Maybe it cut narrows a
bit, but we don't expect that to fully
change. at least not for this year and
for next year, which makes us
comfortable owning these bonds at wider
spreads. We feel we're starting to get
rewarded for the risk involved in owning
those bonds.
>> Are you getting rewarded yet, Earl, for
owning the risk involved with lower
rated bonds and loans for that matter
that are more leveraged to say software
sectors that are at risk of being
disrupted?
>> So, great question. It totally uh falls
into our strategy. Right now, we're
going we're one-third overweight. So if
we have three risky units, we're at 1/3
overweight, one risk unit. It's all in
IG right now. We don't feel that we're
adequately rewarded for call it high
yield bonds at this point in time. We do
like it because the underlying growth uh
dynamics are supportive there. The
spreads are too tight. So our 2/3 risk
unit if we get further weakness, we'll
go in IG, but the last unit goes in high
yield and we'll start switching some of
our investment grade bonds to high
yield. Once we feel we're at a spread
level that's adequately rewarding us,
we're probably about 100 to 150 base
points away on high yield.
>> Oh, good to see you as always. Thank
you, sir. Oh, Davis there of Beimo
breaking down his views on the sovereign
and corporate debt markets. Jim Karen
and Morgan Stanley caught up with us at
the back end of last week. He said this
about contagion risk. A lot of those
bigger risks were diversified into the
private markets. So, the ability for
this to create contagion and become a
financial event, a bigger financial
event is relatively low. you've speaking
directly to the software concerns people
have.
>> Yeah. And a lot of people have argued
that if anything private credit actually
is a buffer to a lot of market risk
because some of the higher leveraged
loans were over there. That said, if you
take a look at US tech focused leveraged
loans, you can see the distress level
rising to 15% of all loans in that book.
So clearly there is a public market that
is feeling some of this distress. And I
would argue that not all public markets
are really invested concretely in some
of this stuff. It's not like we can
isolate and sort of ring fence all of
the toxic debt in one place or another.
The question is where the pockets are
going to emerge and are they going to be
in public or private.
>> His point on treasuries was interesting.
Yes. Something to think about at least.
You've got the risk aversion trade
driving yields lower down to 4% on tens.
But to sustain life around 375 to 390 he
believes is difficult because the
foreign buyers going to step back away
and we've got a lot of supply to clear
over the next year. I guess
>> a lot of people would agree with him.
What I'm not understanding right now is
based on the fact that the consensus
trade right now on Wall Street according
to the Bank of America Fund Manager
survey is a steepening yield curve and
is this idea that the long end of the
yield curve is going to continue to rise
and inflation fears haven't gone away.
My question is why is that not working?
Why is that violently being disagreed
with in markets? Why is that JP Morgan
asset management comes in and says we're
buying handover fist because ultimately
people have gotten ahead of their skis.
Is this a trade? Is this Japan? That's
what I'm really trying to wrap my head
around.
>> 30s are now where people thought 10ens
would be. Things have changed pretty
quickly. 466 on 30s and 10 just north of
4%.
>> Maybe it's the Fed Treasury Accord.
They're going to get together. They're
going to do yield curve control under
>> thought about that and then everyone's
got a different description of it.
>> I heard five different takes on it this
weekend and there were about six
different ideas in there.
>> A lot of speculation about the future of
this Federal Reserve and the kind of
relationship it'll have with the
Treasury. Coming up next, Ed Yardeni of
Yardani Research. Ed Lllo of Bloomberg
News. Stephanie Roth of water research.
Krishna Manardi of Lafayette College.
The third hour of Bloomberg surveillance
just around the corner.
There's a lot of creative destruction
that's taking place in markets.
>> Some of these things are overdone. It's
about valuation.
>> The stress within the AI and the
software names is still very, very
concentrated. There going to be losers
and winners all over the place.
>> It's that unknowing that makes people
much quicker to pull the trigger.
>> This is Bloomberg Surveillance with
Jonathan Pharaoh, Lisa Abramowitz, and
An Marie Hordern.
>> Live from New York City this morning.
Good morning. Good morning. For our
audience worldwide, the third hour of
Bloomberg surveillance starts right now.
Your scores look like this. Check it
out. Equities negative by.5% on the S&P
down by 0.9 on the NASDAQ. In the bond
market, money rushing into bonds, yields
lower across the curve. We're down by
two on 10 to 4.03%
down by more than that on 30s to 467. So
what's happening? This is super
defensive risk aversion dominated the
market over the last week. This is not
just the rotation of the previous few
weeks where we were talking about going
into financials, banks, small caps.
Things changed last week and became much
more defensive. And the bond market move
speaks to some of that. What we got from
the labor market wasn't necessarily
definitive one way or another in terms
of the strength of the existing US
employment backdrop. At the same time,
what everybody could agree on when they
looked into the internals is that this
did not show evidence of an accelerating
labor market. This didn't show signs of
some sort of reaceleration that most
investors had priced in as their base
case heading into 2026. So, it's
important to understand the positioning
coming into this year and then what
we're getting from the data, which is
downside surprises in a sense that maybe
things really aren't taking off and
broadening out in the way that some
people would like to see.
>> Earlier in the program, we played some
sound from James Ay. James Ay, an old
friend of this program. He said
something a few years ago. He talked
about narrative ping pong. Remember
narrative table tennis? That's what it
feels like over the last several weeks
or so. Everyone's super bullish on the
rotation, then things become super super
defensive. Think about how quickly the
narrative has changed around capex.
We've had decades, literally decades of
investors telling companies they've not
been investing enough. And then just
like that, fund manager survey, Bank of
America, investors saying corporations
are overinvesting. That's at a new
record high.
>> They're talking to a number of the
hyperscalers that just announced $650
billion of capex this year. And it's not
just the overall scale of that. It's the
pace of increase year-over-year, 100%
increases that you're seeing. And this
question of what is it going to that's
actually going to be productive? Are we
just trying to create bots for ourselves
to replicate humanity or is this going
to go toward creating some sort of
better future for all of us? I mean not
to get existential but the tail risks
right now have never been fatter and the
uncertainty right now has never been
greater. That's what a lot of people are
saying at a time where valuations are
very high. So people are selling and
it's the reason why I do wonder how much
the sell America trade and go into other
countries is right now sell uncertainty
and go to something that's less high
price because guess what it's got to be
a better bet and how much is that what's
underpinning a lot of this trade
>> well to that point South America the
bonds don't work remember that the bonds
don't work
>> I think I vaguely remember that
>> yield of 4% on 10 the bonds look like
they work now maybe that's going to
change I don't know but that sound
America trade was only a month ago
>> yeah but is that because of some policy
or is that thank you bank of Japan thank
Sai Teayichi. I mean again talking about
the confusion of the swirling trends
when you get to the long end of the
yield curve. This is determined as much
by international factors as it is by
domestic ones at a time where no one can
agree who the real Kevin Worsh really
is. So it really speaks to a moment of
ultimate churn.
>> Yields down by two basis points. The
narrative table tennis continues back
and forth week to week dayto day. Coming
up Edard Denny of Yard Denny Research
with stocks adding to losses. Stephanie
Roth of Wolf Research looking ahead to
the inflation data later this week and
Christian Mani of Lafayette College
breaking down the shift in market
leadership. We begin this out with
stocks edging lower as AI concerns weigh
on Wall Street. Adja of Yadeni Research
remains bullish. He writes the
following. Investors are rotating among
sectors of the stock market rather than
moving from stocks to cash. The bull
market should remain strong as it
broadens. Ed joins us now for more. Ed
joins us now for more. And Ed, I've got
to pick up on the question that Lisa and
I were talking about. add the rotation.
Is it more than just that now? Is it
becoming just a little bit more
defensive?
>> Well, I think you know if you played day
by day, it certainly felt like it last
week as you said. I think some of this
is just AI fatigue. Uh people are just
uh totally tired of the AI concept. They
don't know whether they're coming or
going with it. They don't know whether
it's going to be wildly profitable or or
not. And uh I think another thing that's
entered here is uh you know Elon Musk
has been talking about how deflationary
uh combination of AI and robotics is
going to be and so we've got all that
happening and as you folks were saying
the geopolitical situation is also uh
quite volatile. uh we've got a situation
in Japan where the government wants to
stimulate and have a larger deficit and
yet the Bank of Japan is tightening and
then oh by the way let's not forget
there's a possibility here of a war
between the United States and Iran and
that could obviously push oil prices
higher but uh the bond market's kind of
taking it as though the as maybe it's
it's it's time to uh look for a safe
haven from all these uh various
concerns. So Ed, let's talk about the
havens and where we're fleeing. So the
money is leaving tech. The NASDAQ's down
by
>> about 1% this morning. The money is
going into staples, into utilities.
Those two sectors at alltime highs.
Where do you think the bigger risk is at
the moment? Where people are leaving or
where they're going to?
>> Well, at at at this point, I think the
uncertainty in AI suggests that that
entire trade is going to remain
challenging. Um, and meanwhile, I think
investors will continue to go basically
from the virtual theme to the physical
theme. They're they're they're getting
confused with all the digital technology
and they're going back to the
oldfashioned analog world uh the
physical world and that means materials
and energy and as you said consumer
staples. Uh I think uh financials uh is
one area where it's getting overdone. I
think they're clearly the the large
banks and even the regional banks are
going to do just just fine in this
environment. Um and I think healthcare
which was a lagard last year is also an
area that's going to clearly benefit
from AI technology. I I don't see a
situation where AI robots do surgery
though. Uh Elon Musk has been talking
about that as well. Is there a
contradiction, Ed, in the idea of
materials, metals, commodities, the idea
of the physical world continuing to gain
favor and also liking government bonds
that are somehow implying inflation
remain subdued?
>> Well, I I think Lisa, the the thing
that's important to recognize is things
do change and in our world uh their
wealth has increased rather
dramatically. there's a a lot of wealth
that needs to be uh that creates
investment demand and a lot of it
doesn't want to be diversified and so
it's it's perverse as the stock market's
gone up people have felt a little bit
more anxious about it and said well
maybe it's time to rebalance uh so
that's why I recommended rebalancing uh
in early December of last year I
actually said it's time to underweight
the Magnificent 7 because I felt that
there was just too much uncertainty
related to their capital spending, the
rate of return, the the arms race that
they were engaging in. And I I did for
the first time in many years suggest
maybe it's time to look overseas. Uh
maybe there's I don't know safe havens,
but there's there's cheaper havens uh o
overseas and uh that worked out very
well last year. I only jumped on to it
in December, but I think it's going to
continue to jump to to to do well. Are
international stocks a better
diversifier than US bonds?
>> Well, um I'm not going to answer your
question uh with either or. I think gold
has been the the really good diversifier
for the stock market. If you put the S&P
500 on the same chart as the price of
gold, same scale, you'll see that
they're inversely related on a cyclical
basis. So, it's really a gold is a very
good diversifier. it's inversely
correlated with stocks, but the trends
are the same. So, if I'm right and we're
still very much in a bull market in
stocks, uh just rebalancing
diversification is going to benefit
gold. But I think it's also we're seeing
here it's benefiting bonds and it's
benefiting emerging markets. Look, the
um the Msei US got to be 65% of the
market cap of the global MSEI and uh
that's uh you know, it's hard to
overweight something that's already so
overweight and so that's a good reason
for diversifying globally. And a similar
story can be told about information
technology and communication services.
They got to 45% of the market cap of the
S&P 500 and maybe that's it for a while
and we are seeing rebalancing. So I I
think the rebalancing trade is a
sensible one. I I would stick with it.
>> So Ed, what's the argument for the
index, for the S&P, for the market cap
S&P 500? What's the bullc case?
>> Earnings earnings have been phenomenal
and uh they're going to be at a, you
know, when all the data comes in for the
fourth quarter earnings reporting
season, it's going to be at an all-time
record high. Um, I I thought that we're
going to get something like $310 a share
for the S&P 500 this year, but the
analysts are already up to about uh
almost three three $320
a share. And then for next year, I
thought 350 and the analysts are already
talking about 360. Uh so the the
analysts are getting uh pretty pretty
whipped up about the outlook for
earnings. And it's not just uh
technology which I think will continue
to be a very profitable area
notwithstanding the concerns about
return on capital. Uh but uh it's a it's
broader than that. And not only that,
but I think the fact that the revenues
of the S&P 500 alltime record high
speaks to the fact that the global
economy is doing remarkably well. I
mean, it's it's really quite quite
amazing given the stress test that the
global economy had with the tariffs last
year.
>> Ed, you were you nailed it when you
called this the roaring 2020s. We're
already in 2026. Does it still feel like
the roaring 20s to you or does it feel
like it's kind of entering its later
stages?
>> Well, uh I don't think so. I I I I'm I'm
already starting to think that, you
know, if this works out, I'll talk about
the roaring uh 2030s. the 2030s are
going to be a little bit tougher because
the 1930s were really just just plain
ugly. Uh but let's let's let's stay on
the decade that we have right now. And
as you said, uh you know, we're uh we've
got a few more years into the roaring
2020s. I I don't think that it's uh it's
it's showing signs of uh fatigue. I
think the roaring 2020s is still very
much intact. We've got the economy doing
extremely well. real GDP all-time record
high. Uh cons consumption spending
all-time record high. Capital spending
all-time record high. Uh stock market uh
not too long ago was at an all-time
record high. And I think now is just a
pullback. Uh so I think it's still very
much the roaring 2020s and it's earnings
led which is a which is a good way to
keep it going. If if it was all
valuation, I'd be concerned. But I think
the fact that earnings are
validating this bull market, that's
that's a good thing.
>> We're fatigued, Ed. Even if your thesis
isn't, we are. Ed, thank you, sir. Ed
Jadeni of Yardeni Research. I can't get
past Q1, never mind the 2030s.
>> I don't think I can get past last week,
let alone the year. I mean, truthfully,
it feels like in terms of narrative
pingpong, it's been relentless. And
everyone who comes in, it's like, are we
done yet with this year? I mean, that's
pretty much every guest.
>> It's pretty exhausting stuff. We're down
another6% on the S&P 500. The open up
and bound 1 hour and 18 minutes away.
Let's get you an update on stories
worldwide with your Bloomberg brief.
Yhara has more. Hey yhara.
>> Hi John. Apple is revamping its podcast
platform as interest grows in
incorporating visual elements. The
company aiming to make it easier for
audiences to shift between viewing a
video podcast and listening to audio
only as the industry shifts toward
video. For example, YouTube is the
number one podcast consumption platform
in the US according to Edison Research.
Meanwhile, Paramount shares are rising
in the pre-market. Warner Brothers has
agreed to return to the negotiating
table for 7 days to iron out the details
of Paramount's most recent offer, which
was reportedly raised to $31 per share.
Despite returning to the table, Warner
Brothers says its shareholders still
unanimously recommend sticking with its
binding agreement with Netflix. And
activist investor Elliot Management is
building a more than 10% stake in
Norwegian Cruise Line. That's according
to the Wall Street Journal and it's
planning a pu to push for changes at the
struggling cruise ship operator. The
company has lags behind competitors
including Royal Caribbean and Carnival
and Elliot believes Norwegian could make
changes to catch up to those rivals.
That's Bloomberg Reef. John
>> Yhara, thank you. More from Mihara later
this hour. Up next, the morning calls.
Plus, Bloomberg's Ed Ledllo with futures
pointing to another techdriven selloff
for Wall Street. The NASDAQ down by more
than 1%. Live from New York City this
morning. Good morning.
Rather than applaud these $120 billion
capex announcements from the
hyperscalers, the market actually
punished them. So to my mind, this
rotation and this odd coupling of
cyclicals and defensives more about a
change in sentiment, more about a
rotation out of tech and less about an
economic view.
>> That's a really really important debate.
That was Russ Krik of Black Rockck
coming out of last week. And when you
come out of last week and you break down
the sector performance and banks have
just had their worst week since
liberation day week since April of last
year and on top of that, you've got
utilities and staples at all-time highs.
It's pretty easy to conclude. It usually
is, but there's some economic stress
starting to emerge. But then you look at
the data of last week and the week
before, the ISM manufacturing picking
up, jobs gains, the best we've seen in
more than a year. Something's not adding
up with the sector price action and the
data we're seeing elsewhere.
>> Yeah, especially because you do see some
positive data. You do see some negative
data with jolts coming in lighter than
expected in a sense that maybe openings
are coming in and certainly sentiment
has been in the gutter for a while, but
it does seem like something has shifted.
Is this just a momentum trade turned on
its head or is it something fundamental
that will cause the Fed to cut rates
significantly and will lead to this
rally in bonds continuing?
>> Is it risk appetite or does it tell you
something about the economy? This
picture equity futures down again by.5
on the S&P down by 1% on the NASDAQ and
bond yields are the lows of the year.
The bond yield move doesn't have Russ's
case this morning with yields at the
lows of the year just north of 4%.
>> If you're taking any kind of uh
influence just simply from the bond
yield itself. If you take a look and
consider the fact that two-year yields
are almost where they were in 2022, it
does look like a Fed that has a reason
to cut and cut more significantly than
the market had really been set up for.
>> 340 at the front end of the curve.
Yields just about unchanged on a session
so far. That's the price action. Let's
get you some morning calls. First up,
Rothschild and co- redburn downgrading
Warner Brothers Discovery. The firm
believing Netflix is the most likely
winner and that there will not be
materially higher bids coming out of
Paramount. Elsewhere, Melius upgrading
Chevron to buy with the firm citing cash
generation. Venezuela upside and data
center demand as growth drivers. And
finally, Missou cutting his price target
on Crowd Strike saying quote, "Sentiment
across software is nothing short of
horrible at the moment." Then it's a bit
of a catch up there. Crowd Strike down
by 1.6%. You don't say.
>> Yeah.
>> Been awful.
>> Although Crowd Strike was on the list of
potential beneficiaries of Did you see
that Goldman Sachs index of the losers?
the winners from the AI disruptions.
They were on the winners, but I don't
think it's catching on.
>> No, not this morning at least. We're
down by 1.6%. Let's stick with tech.
NASDAQ futures session lows down
following three straight weeks of
losses. Investors showing concerns the
AI fueled selloff is deepening.
Bloomberg's Ed Ledllo has more. Ed,
welcome to the program. You and the team
have been tracking this for a while.
We've been covering it from a sentiment
perspective. You cover the product.
>> Is the product really under siege, under
threat? Can these moes hold up?
>> Well, the the product uh under siege,
under threat is evidenced by revenue
gains, right? And the market's kind of
come back from the holiday weekend with
the same anxiety that it went into it,
which is the AI contradiction. AI will
transform the old economy and the new
economy, new economy being software. And
at the same time, we're worried if we
have an AI bubble largely based on
capital expenditure figures from the
hyperscalers. like the the question that
that your guests like try to answer is
very difficult is can both of those
things be true at once. Um and and
depending on which side of the bed you
wake up on this morning the market seems
to be trading on the on the the AI
bubble part of that equation.
>> Well, this is the problem. My mama was
on the program and she called it the
great contradiction that how can we sit
here like you say say that this will
disrupt and kill so much and at the same
time the capex is the waste of money.
And on the capex, it's interesting that
the money's going to be spent and you'd
think the traditional beneficiary of
that would be Nvidia and Nvidia's traded
soft to red for the past two weeks. Now,
we've been asking a question, what
gives? What gives?
>> The problem is this week nothing will
happen and then Nvidia will post
earnings next Wednesday. And so like
with the capital expenditures number the
the consideration of it um with Nvidia
yes being absolutely the main
beneficiary is it it's easy to say okay
we don't know how we feel about $600
billion combined across the hyperscalers
and meta but go a layer under that and
now people are starting to look at the
impact of capital expenditures on cash
flow historically capex's proportion is
40% of of what's really strong cash flow
now people either do or don't care if a
name like Amazon swings into negative
free cash flow which could definitely
happen this year given the commitment
that it has to capital expenditures. um
basically cash flow is being wiped out
and and um so yes you wait for Nvidia
but Nvidia being the main beneficiary of
the capital expenditure anyway the runup
in all of those stocks over the last
like from the chat GBT moment 2022 until
the beginning of this year was based on
real revenues growth and so you can
imagine the situation John like what if
we get to Wednesday and Nvidia doesn't
sort of give us that real growth at
least looking forward that they have
done in prior quarters it would be a bit
of a disaster
>> that's the hardware side of things. On
the software side of things, there's a
real question of what capabilities
actually are coming out of some of these
large language models. And then you had
Microsoft's AI boss coming out a couple
days ago and saying that he could see uh
AI and some related technology replacing
most of whitellar jobs within 12 to 18
months. How do you view that? I mean,
John and I were talking about is this
just a marketing ploy? Is that how you
see it to it or do you see actual
tangible gains in the technology behind
this? I think through through the lens
of of the show, particularly with people
that are either on the private markets,
venture capital side and are trying to
grow a new generation of companies that
want to do the same thing, sell software
that disrupts legacy software. Um,
people don't see it as imminent as that.
Uh, you know, that corporate America
still has to buy software from other
software names. And so, like there's a a
second contradiction within that. If you
go back to the earlier in the earnings
quarter when you had companies like
Salesforce and Service Now, they
actually showed not just good growth but
a backlog of of demand for Agentic AI
things like that. Those are also tools
that are under direct threat from what
OpenAI and uh Anthropic want to do uh
through their own models that they are
basically packaging up software and
selling it either through an ondemand or
through a subscription basis and showing
real evidence that people are willing to
pay for it still even if there is a
freer or less expensive option from one
of the frontier labs. But the market
didn't give them any credit for that. It
seems like right now Wall Street's very
worried and Wall Street has been more
worried than San Francisco for quite a
while. And I just wonder how Silicon
Valley is viewing Wall Street's concerns
right now. Is there sort of a sense that
they just don't get it or is there a
sense in Silicon Valley that something
has shifted in terms of the development
and the allocation of some of this
technology? Yeah, the way that I I pose
that question to to the private market
investors who want to find the next
Salesforce or service now or a company
that plans to do what lots of people are
already doing is where is the
opportunity and the the answer that we
always get back is it's in specialism,
right? So, one of the really weird
things of the market in recent weeks was
the use of uh generative AI tools or
aentic AI in the legal context. Well,
actually there are loads of specialist
software names that have been doing that
for a long time and there's a new
generation of uh AI labs that only work
on models for review of legal texts and
legal rationale reviewing legal
precedent. Um th those things are both
happening in parallel. So the response
of those people would be like yeah we
believe that they will disrupt a market
that isn't yet being disrupted fully
anyway by anthropic or by open AI.
Without a doubt, Ed, this is the
economic story in many ways of the
moment. You'll be catching up with Mary
Dailyaly of the San Francisco Fed. What
does this mean for jobs, for payrolls,
and has got to be the number one
question for this Federal Reserve over
the next 12 months and maybe much
further beyond. Yeah. I mean that there
are many minted newly minted AI
millionaires, right? I think one thing
that that that it will come back to is
is a definition of productivity, right?
I wasn't around then. But in the late
90s, Alan Greenspan in the dotcom era
identified productivity having an impact
on economic growth. And in that era, you
know, pick up a history book that that
the the Fed held off uh w with rates in
that context, raising rates because it
believed that productivity driven gains
in the economy could happen without any
sort of big swing in inflation. Now the
kind of opposite is true, right? Is that
do you see tangible impact on
productivity? In other words, making
existing jobs better or do you see job
displacement and how will that affect
monetary policy going forward if there
will be productivitydriven gains in the
economy without necessarily the
inflation that comes with it? And again
go back to to to what's happening in AI
in real estate in this city in Silicon
Valley in stock-based compensation the
people flooding into San Francisco and
buying up what little housing there is.
All of those little things within the
12th district will matter probably. And
so I'm interested to hear what what
President Daly has to say.
>> I'm guessing Ed was around. He was just
interested in different things back in
the '90s. Just to confirm.
>> Yeah, probably there were.
>> Ed looks young. He's just not that
young.
>> Young. It wasn't like he was born in
2010.
>> Edlo there with the latest. Up next on
the program, Stephanie Roth of Wolf
Research looking ahead to inflation data
later this week with equities as session
lows from New York City. You're watching
Bloomberg TV.
Three weeks of losses on the NASDAQ and
the losses continue. We're down again
this morning on the Nasdaq 100 negative
softer by 8/10en of 1% on the S&P 500
struggling to get off the map. The S&P
500 negative by 0.4%.
The opening bow 1 hour away with your
morning movers. Danny has more. Hey
Danny.
>> Hey John. We start with some deal news.
Danaher, the med medical company is
going to be buying Massimo, a medtec
company for $180 a share. So, we're just
under that moment at the moment. Maximo
makes MedTech. You'll remember them.
They actually were in a legal fight with
Apple over their blood oxygen monitoring
technology, which Massimo said was a
patent infringement and her shares fall
6% after that deal announcement. Uh
elsewhere this morning, uh we are
looking at another day in a twist and
the turn of the Warner Brothers
Discovery deal. reopening talks with
Paramount for 7 days. So, Paramount has
7 days to make their best and final
offer. The current reporting suggests
they could go up by $1 a share to $31 a
share, but that might not be their best
and final. So, will they go with them?
Will they stick with Netflix? Uh Warner
Brothers saying that the board's still
recommending that they go with the
Netflix deal. Finally, rounding things
out, some uh many reports, I should say,
this morning of activists investing. So,
just a few of them. Uh Norwegian Elliot
taking a more than 10% stake in that
company. shares up nearly 6%. Fiserve,
uh, this one's coming from Janna
Partners. Uh, those shares up 3%. And
finally, Trip Adviser Starboard taking a
stake in Trip Adviser. Uh, it's a mix
between the various activists pushing
them to improve or outright looking for
sales, but all those shares rallying off
the back of that. John,
>> Danny, thank you. Looking forward to
your coverage alongside Matt Miller in
about 30 minutes time. Going into the
open in about 60 minutes away. Turning
to the economy, PCU data, and the latest
Fed minutes on deck this week. Mike McKe
joins us now for more. Morning, Mike.
>> Good morning, John. Let me throw an idea
at you. You guys have been talking about
when and if the Fed's going to cut rates
again. What if the economy is improving
enough that they have to consider
raising rates this year? The Empire
number just out. 7.1
that is down from 7.7, but still shows
expansion and it's better than the 62
that was expected. And just a short time
ago, we got the ADP weekly numbers. And
I know there's a lot of qualifications
for that. But let me just point out that
ADP found 10,250
jobs average uh creation during the last
four weeks. Then revised last week's up
to 7,750.
So it does look like there's still some
strength there. And remember, we got
that strong jobs report. Now coming up
the rest of this week, durable goods
orders. Be interesting to see if
business is still spending. The
expectation is they are because of the
AI data centers. Uh we get housing
starts and Fed minutes. That's going to
be kind of stale data. I'm not sure Fed
minutes will tell us much because it's
three weeks ago and we are seeing these
uh slow signs of maybe the economy
getting a little bit better. Thursday
December trade important because we also
are going to get next week the fourth
quarter GDP. December trade pretty much
the last number you need and we'll see
whether we come in above 3% or even
closer to 4% and then of course on
Friday the PCE numbers income and
spending PCE is what the Fed follows.
CPI has fallen but economists think that
PCE may move up. It's a December number
not a January number like uh CPI but it
would make it optically hard for the Fed
to be talking about cutting rates if
it's at 3%. So Mike, let's talk about
hikes. You went there, Torson Slock of
Apollo posed the question as well. In
fact, he thinks we will be talking about
rate hikes at the end of this year and
not rate cuts. So Mike, I throw it back
at you. The question we've got to try
and answer is whether the Kevin Walsh
Fed will be guided by data or guided by
politics. And I'm not sure many people
know the answer to that just yet.
Well, I think that people are worried
that it could be g guided by politics
because of course Donald Trump, but uh
Worsh is a Fed institutionalist and he's
probably going to have a limited amount
of influence at the beginning of his
term since he's just coming in the door.
Uh so, it's probably going to be more of
the data and if the data continue to
look like this, they'll certainly be on
hold. And the idea will be do we see
growth picking up and real rates rising
which might require a response from the
Fed.
>> Mike McKe with the latest down in
Washington. Mike, thank you. It is not
the consensus view. Let's be very clear.
I don't think I can think of a single
person whose base case it is that we'll
get hikes this year. But there is a
question to be asked, isn't there? Can
you imagine? It's almost unthinkable
that Kevin Walsh going through this
whole interview process with the
president would hike interest rates
later this year.
>> Well, this is the reason why nobody's
betting on it. Even Torson slot says
that going into 2027 it's maybe uh the
time to actually execute on something
like that but later this year there
might be a discussion around this. It
does seem unthinkable. That said you
keep pointing to the data as showing
strength. You can point to the data and
show anything you want. I mean you got
Andrew Hollenhor out this morning
talking about 130,000 jobs looks great.
4.3% unemployment rate and then he goes
into all the reasons why this actually
isn't as good as it looks. So you can
look at the data and you can come up
with very different conclusions and
that's what we're hearing from Wall
Street analysts across.
>> You sound super excited about the debate
for the year ahead.
>> Well, it's just you can make an argument
on either side and I will nod along with
you and I will agree. I just don't know
which is right.
>> Stephanie Roth of Wolf Research writes
the following. Last week's data does not
give the powled Fed a reason to cut.
We're tracking core PC at 0.32% month
overmonth roughly where we expected to
remain through the first half of this
year. Stephanie joins us now for more.
Stephanie, good morning. Good morning.
>> So the chairpow fed is done. You've said
that a few times. Where does it leave
the wash fed later this year?
>> I think the conversation around hikes is
probably not something that's going to
happen. So it's going to be a question
of whether he can get cuts done. We
think he probably will, but it will be a
tough call, especially at the beginning.
In the first couple meetings,
inflation's going to be running at 3%
year-over-year, and growth is going to
be pretty good. So it's going to be very
difficult for him to cut right away. Now
later in the year, we should start to
see inflation cooling again. uh talking
about inflation that's sequentially
starting to to look more like a 2% run
rate in which case you you'll probably
see them be able to actually get a
couple cuts done.
>> So Stephanie that's that's the question
I think the important one what's going
to give them the space to move is it the
labor market data that gives them a
reason ultimately the data is too weak
or the inflation data that gives them
the space the space to reduce interest
rates. You've got a bias on either side
of the dual mandate at the moment.
>> I think it's going to be more inflation
giving them the space and they still
want to get a couple cuts done. the
labor market will probably just just
fine. We're talking about the
unemployment rate remaining roughly
where it is and perhaps taken down a
little bit in the next couple months and
then kind of remaining around 4243 for
the for the bulk of the year.
>> Does it matter where the inflation is
coming from? Let's say we do get a 3%
core PCE, but it's not being driven by
wage gains and we've seen that wage
gains have cooled. We saw the ECI coming
in lighter than expected in last week's
data. I just wonder if you have Fed
officials, including the likes of Mary
Daly, who's going to be interviewed on
Bloomberg TV by Ed later today, who's
talking about structural scarring during
times of technological transition.
Couldn't people dismiss that type of
inflation as not as sticky as if it were
coming from something more like wages?
>> I think that's fair. Although if
inflation's actually running at 3%, you
kind of have to ignore where it's coming
from late later later this year, once
you actually start to get some
deceleration in in parts of the labor
parts of the the inflation basket that
are tied to tariffs, then that gives
more of that space for for the Fed to to
to be able to to cut and also to be able
to discern where the inflation is coming
from. When you when you're actually
sitting here with 3% inflation, you
can't really pick apart the data. Are
you frustrated by this? That we get data
and that two people will tell two
completely different stories. And that
you could say, "Yeah, 130,000 looks
good." And someone will say, "No, it's
not. You're just totally wrong." And
you've got that for pretty much every
single data point that you come have
coming out. And then you've got someone
who comes out and says, "Can you trust
it anyway?" I mean, isn't this a bit
frustrating for you?
>> Yes, it's frustrating. But you you often
have that in January.
>> Sounds like it's more frustrating for
you than it is for Stephanie. I'm trying
to
>> Well, I'm pleased she sort of like was
that a cathartic moment for you? Well,
it's just I mean it's just very
difficult to know even what we're
talking about when people question every
aspect of it and they're coming through
knows it. Car carry on please.
>> So we when we when we get data like this
it's it's helpful to really take a step
back and look at what is seasonal, what
is changes to methodology. When we do
all of that then it's easier to see a
clearer picture. And our sense is that
the jobs number 130,000 was overstated
to some extent by birth death. So the
adjustments to the model probably about
50,000. So we would we'd strip out about
50,000 from the number. There's also
some seasonal impact. So our sense is
that labor market is running at around
70 75,000 a month which is a a decent
place kind of in line with where the
supply is. So that should keep the the
unemployment rate steady. The
unemployment rate has been driven by the
government shutdown by seasonal issues.
So when you smooth through all of that
you can see a decent picture where the
economy is fine. The labor market is is
is not stressed nor is it overheating.
And that's a decent place. It's kind of
a Goldilocks position at this point.
>> Do you see that confirmed by other data
points elsewhere? Soft data or hard
data?
>> Yeah, I mean unemployment claims are a
nice place to start. They haven't
haven't been rising. Uh you don't see
the well jolt openings, you know, did
did look kind of soft. Quits rates look
kind of fine. You're not really seeing a
a big rise in in layoffs from that
perspective. I would dismiss the
challenger data that a lot of people
gave gave attention to. So when you look
at the the broad set of labor market
indicators, then when you match that
with spending, which looks fine, the
labor market kind of is consistent with
all of that.
>> Just out of interest, why would you
dismiss the challenger data? What about
it would you dismiss?
>> Well, one, they're looking at headline
uh announcements and for example, UPS
had a similar announcement last year and
they did a lot of that those layoffs
through attrition. We knew that Amazon
had made has made these announcements a
number of times. they they employ a
large number of people. So, you know,
30,000 people here and there, uh,
doesn't compare to to the to their
workforce that's, you know, you know,
over a million. Uh, so when when you
look at the the layoff numbers, they're
not actually that scary. January, you
often have layoffs. That's a seasonal
time where companies tend to do layoffs.
So, even if you look at, you know, on a
year-over-year basis, it's kind of hard
to to to look at it that way. Um but
it's a period of time where Jan you
often get get big layoff announcements
and that spooks the labor market that
spooks people concern you know
forecasting the economy and then it
tends to go away in future months.
>> This has been a very refreshing
conversation. We haven't mentioned AI
once and we haven't talked about you
know the Armageddon of the white collar
worker class and how that's going to
lead to some sort of civil war. I'm just
wondering from your perspective do you
just ignore all of the discussion? Do
you ignore Microsoft's warning that uh
AI is going to eradicate white collar
work in 12 to 18 months? I mean do you
just sort of take that out of the models
and say that's noise for now and that
everything that previously worked still
to some degree is working.
>> So we look at we try to parse the labor
market data into what it seems to be AI
driven versus cyclical because that is
going to help to gauge what extent is
going to last into the future versus
what could pick up if the economy
actually improves this year which is
what we think. So our sense is the
unemployment rate about half of the
rising unemployment rate came from AI.
So that is sticky and then the rest
appears to be cyclally driven which is
why you could see a little bit of
downward pressure this year. Do we
ignore it? No. But it doesn't appear
like AI adoption rates are high enough
such that it will really destroy labor
at least for the next one to two years.
>> Stephanie, good to see you. Thanks for
dropping by. Stephanie Roth there for
research. Another counterpoint to the
Microsoft AI chief in the Financial
Times there for you. Bit of push back
once again.
>> Yeah. Well, and I just heard one to two
years. We're safe, John.
>> We're safe for another We're safe.
Although I think that you kind of are
interested in your poetry career. I I
think I would come to your recital very
much so in the Cotswwells. I think that
it would be fantastic.
>> Can I have a great time? Yeah.
>> Roses are red, violets are blue.
>> I I'm hoping for something more than
that.
>> Bloomberg chart is fantastic
>> for you. Something like that. Let's move
on very quickly. I think we can do
better than that. Brammo. Let's give you
an update on stories elsewhere this
morning with your Bloomberg brief.
Here's Yhierra. Hey yra.
>> Hi John. SpaceX and XAI are competing in
a secret Pentagon $100 million prize
contest to produce voice controlled
autonomous drone swarming technology.
While it's already possible to fly
multiple drones at once, developing the
software to direct multiple drones,
which can move autonomously in pursuit
of a target remains a challenge.
Meanwhile, President Trump says US
officials, including Secretary of State
Marco Rubio, are in discussions with
Cuba's government. The president told
reporters that Cuba should make a deal
because its economic conditions are a
quote humanitarian threat. Cuba lost its
primary subsidized oil source after the
capture of Venezuelan President Nicolas
Maduro. And President Trump warning the
federal government won't cover any cost
overruns on a $16 billion Hudson River
rail tunnel project. The project known
as Gateway would add train capacity
between New Jersey and Manhattan by
building a new tunnel and upgrading the
existing North River tunnel. The
president's offering meetings to ensure
the project does not go over budget.
That's brief. John
>> Yara, thank you. Thanks for this
morning. Up next, we'll set you up for
the day ahead. Plus, Chrissa Mammani of
Lafayette College joins us breaking down
the shift in market leadership with
equity futures near session lows. The
S&P down by 0.4% 4% and the NASDAQ 100
down by8% from New York City. You're
watching Bloomberg Surveillance.
There's a number of people who
anticipate growth. We anticipate it for
longer than the the the market's uh
anticipating. And that's because we
haven't seen uh the flow through of
retail spending from the tax refunds.
Lower and middle income classes have a
higher propensity to spend a higher
amount of those tax receipts. So we do
expect to see some growth surprises.
That was El Davis of Beimo. He is
bullish on the outlook and he does not
think the 10-year bond yields remain
around 4%. That is exactly where they
are because of this. Equity futures
pulling back on the S&P negative by a
few ten of 1%. Likewise on the NASDAQ
down by 0.8 8 driving risk aversion and
putting a bid into bonds. 10-year bond
yields right now lower by around about
base basis points of 4.0368%
earlier on this morning. 4.01 very close
to breaking into the threes going into
this this week. Here's the trading diary
for you. This is how things are set up.
This is the schedule. Later on today,
Fed speak from bar and daily. Tomorrow,
the latest Fed minutes. Thursday,
Walmart earnings and another round of
jobless claims. Plus, on Friday, COP PCE
and you Mitch sent Sentiment and and I
stress possible, a possible Supreme
Court decision on the president's
terrorist because we've been waiting for
that one and the dates have come and
gone a few times.
>> We once built it up all day. This is
going to be it, guys. And then it didn't
come out. So, we're not that excited.
We've been fooled, you know, fool me
once, shame on you, fool me twice, shame
on me. We're kind of there.
>> You almost butchered that one, didn't
you? Came close. I don't I always get
that one confused, too. I didn't though.
Come on, give me credit.
>> I don't know if you did or not. Now I
need to
>> No, no, no. Rewind. I I actually got it
right.
>> You nailed that. Okay, good. I trust
you.
>> Yeah. Thank you.
>> Yes. Nailed it. Good. I trust you. All
right.
>> Let's turn back to our top story on Wall
Street. Not that NASDAQ futures weighing
on stocks as AI fears pick back up where
they left off. Christian Mani of
Lafayette College writing, "Stocks are
going through their turmoil, more due to
sector rotation, due to valuations and
run-ups than anything fundamentally
different." Krishna joins us now for
more. Christ and morning
>> morning
>> is software debt
>> well software is not dead I I I think if
you uh uh in in you really have to
define what debt means in that context
has software come down a lot absolutely
software going away as a service
absolutely not so the valuations and the
multiples were too high and you know
because the terminal value is being
questioned it is appropriate to kind of
take them down and it's not that the
business itself is going away revenue is
going to be zero tomorrow It's just that
the the valuations that people are
willing to pay are just not as fancy.
>> This is no longer a high multiple
sector.
>> Exactly.
>> Is there a sector now that does take on
that higher multiple because of the
disruption we're discussing? Well, so I
I I think it is really going to be more
about uh the sectors of the economy like
banking for example where you have
substantial tailwinds, you know,
deregulation, capital relief and things
like that where you don't have headwinds
like software has from AI and all the
other market narratives. So I think more
fundamentally driven businesses where
multiples are low probably get to a
higher level and and that sort of helps
the index investor.
>> What is this? Is this what a soft
landing feels like?
>> Well, that's exactly the point. I mean,
we have been waiting for this soft
landing for three years and it is
arriving and we can't just take it. You
know, if you look at inflation has been
going down. It's stabilizing probably
not will probably continue to go down
all slowly. Uh growth is decent. Uh you
know, the tariff picture is in the it
was last year's thing. It's it's kind of
getting rolled back slowly but surely. I
think things from an economic standpoint
are probably as good as they are going
that they have been in a long time, you
know, along all the attributes and uh
and we just don't like it.
>> If this is a soft landing, then isn't
there a discrepancy between assets that
are priced for reaceleration and a
reality which is something that looks
very different?
>> Well, so I I don't think assets are
priced for significant de reaceleration.
I think because if you look at cyclicals
they aren't as you know they aren't as
kind of high multiple as they should be
if we were really looking for you know
four 5% type growth. So I I I I think
those are the the stab stabilization of
the economy probably helps those types
of uh those types of assets. It's not
that uh we are going into a recession
that we have been awaiting for 3 years
or uh inflation is going to spike up
that we have been talking about for a
long time. Every time we get a selloff,
we worry about how that translates into
the economy. How are you thinking about
that? The wealth channel, the contagion
you could see from the moving financial
markets through risk assets and into the
real economy.
>> So, you know, if you uh let's kind of
break it down. Deficit, is it is it 2%
or is it 5% and how does that impact the
economy? Uh you look at where S&P is
today, is it at 4,000 or 6,000? How does
that impact the economy? uh you look at
what the inflation picture is looking
like and is the Fed going to tighten or
potentially ease maybe not today maybe
at in some so I I think if you put all
of that together there's really no
significant headwind to the economy and
you know employment is good claims are
not rising uh growth overall is is
decent with a good handle you know
nominal growth is pretty good so you
know there's really no significant issue
>> does that keep the Federal Reserve a
boring story for 2026 six.
>> Exactly. I think the the Fed we talk
about the Fed as if Fed can divine the
economy and kind of that's just not the
case. I think Fed Fed on a go forward
basis is probably in more of a reactive
mode rather than a proactive mode as as
they had been when they raised rates
significantly and then cut rates
significantly in anticipation of a of a
particular outcome. If that's the case,
are you casting some shade on the rally
that we're seeing right now in bonds
that we have been seeing over the past
couple of weeks?
>> Uh yes, I am. So the the the point of
this would be we have been in a 4 and a
half to four to 4 and a half% trading
range and if we get close to 4%, I think
thinking that it is going to 3 and a
half%. I I I don't think the data would
kind of get you there and similarly when
it gets to 4 and a.5% thinking that
it'll go to 5% data probably doesn't get
you there either. So it's a trading
range and trade the range.
>> So given the fact that you're chief
investment fund officer for a fund for a
college you have to think longer term
and you have to think about the offsets
and what the havens really look like.
We've talked with people about how one
haven is diversifying outside of the US.
In years past people would talk about
private credit as sort of a ballast. How
are you thinking about the offset of
private credit given the fact that some
of the disruption really is happening
there? Well, so we we are not an
investor in private credit. We are an
investor in private equity for sure. Uh
and and I think
but that is part of our overall equity
allocation which is a very diversified
global pool of assets you know across
the world. So I I I think what over what
uh kind of the price action over the
last say six months when you know if you
look at international equities what
happened in Korea and things like that I
think diversification is a is a is a
good thing. Uh whether that continues to
be the trend for the next two three five
years because I'm I'm not so sure
because you know performance of some
something like Korea is really driven by
an AI trade which is really a US theme
rather than a Korean theme. 30% move in
a Cosby. I keep going back over that
year to date which is just unreal. We've
known you a long time. I've known you
quite a while. You've got a good BS
radar. I know that from private
conversations as well. Can you help us
understand and help the audience
understand as you navigate this mass
disruption? What is BS and what is real
when you see these headlines about what
could and couldn't happen to software
names to the white collar workforce?
What's real? Well, so I, you know, I I
would say Daario and other folks have
learned a lot from Elon Musk in terms of
kind of dazzling the the the the
audience. You know, if they were them,
you would expect them to say say that
because they are spending trillions of
dollars and so in their mind and
therefore they expect in everyone else's
mind for it to be justified. I think the
reality is probably uh you know the
uptake is slow and it it happens over a
decade or two rather than 12 or 18
months uh half of the workforce being on
on on the dock. I I I think that's just
that's just not in the context of
anything that I see out there.
>> There's a lot of people watching right
now nodding and saying yes Krishna we
hope you're right. Krishna Manley of LA
College. Krishna thank you. Of course,
there's a lot of tech people who are
sitting there banging the table saying,
"No, Krishna, you are wrong." Yeah. And
they've got a big valuation to justify
at the same time.
>> Yeah. Well, that's the issue. Is it a
marketing ploy or is it real? Is it
something that actually will cause white
collar work to get decimated in 12 to 18
months? I mean, look, this is the
argument around why office space is
suddenly decimated in valuation because
people think, oh, the end of the worker.
Then you start to wonder, well, what's
the flip side of that, the political
side? Look, it's clearly somewhere in
the middle and people right now are
struggling to figure it out and it is a
messy moment in markets.
>> Arguing to work from home at the moment
is probably an uncomfortable situation
to be in though.
>> I given this backdrop, right?
>> I think it's an existent it's it's a
situation that's happening less and
less.
>> You think Jeremy Diamond thinks he's got
a bit more leverage now over at JP
Morgan to make all that happen? I think
he knows it without a doubt. Coming up
tomorrow, Keith Lerner of Truist, Jim
Zelta of Apollo, Alicia Lavine of BMY,
Nancy Lazar of Piper Sander from New
York City. Thank you for choosing
Bloomberg TV. This was Bloomberg
Surveillance.